LPL 2022: Match 2, CS vs KF Match Prediction – Who will win today’s LPL match between CS vs KF?Author View : 1.2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 06, 2022, 14:15 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe much-awaited Lanka Premier League is back with its third edition, commencing on the 6th of December. While Jaffna Kings and Galle Gladiators will tussle in the curtain raiser, Colombo Stars will square off against Kandy Falcons later in the day in Hambantota. Veteran Sri Lankan cricketer Angelo Mathews, who will lead the Colombo-based franchise in the third edition of the competition, will be hoping to get off to a winning start. Meanwhile, their opponents, Kandy Falcons, who have finished at the bottom of the table in the previous two editions, will be eyeing a better campaign this term. Venue: Mahinda Rajapaksa International Cricket Stadium, HambantotaDate & Time: December 06, 07:30 PM ISTTelecast & Live Streaming: Sony Sports network and SonyLIVThe venue in Hambantota last hosted a T20I back in 2013 when Sri Lanka took on the Proteas. The surface is conducive to spin bowling, and the teams winning the toss would be inclined to bat first with rain around the corner.Niroshan Dickwella, Dinesh Chandimal, Charith Asalanka, Angelo Mathews (c), Ravi Bopara, Dhananjaya Lakshan, Benny Howell, Karim Janat, Jeffrey Vandersay, Naveen-ul-Haq, Kasun RajithaMinod Bhanuka, Andre Fletcher, Pathum Nissanka, Wanindu Hasaranga (c), Najibullah Zadran, Kamindu Mendis, Fabian Allen, Ashan Priyanjan, Isuru Udana, Carlos Braithwaite, Matheesha PathiranaVeteran Sri Lankan middle-order batter Dinesh Chandimal has had a prolific year in the longest format of the game. However, the elegant batter is no mug in T20s and has scored 291 runs in just 10 matches in the competition's history. He is likely to have a big say on a tricky surface in Hambantota. The right-handed batter forms the spine of the Colombo batting order along with skipper Angelo MathewsKandy Falcons' skipper Wanindu Hasaranga is arguably the most lethal bowler in the shortest format of the game. His form will be pivotal for Warriors this year following an exceptional T20 World Cup campaign in Australia. He is no mug with the bat either and registered his fourth half-century in 50-over cricket in the recently concluded series against Afghanistan.Also Check: Dream11 Team Prediction for CS vs KWDisclaimer: This prediction is based on the understanding, analysis, and instinct of the author. While making your prediction, consider the points mentioned, and make your own decision.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.Author View : 1.2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 06, 2022, 14:15 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe much-awaited Lanka Premier League is back with its third edition, commencing on the 6th of December. While Jaffna Kings and Galle Gladiators will tussle in the curtain raiser, Colombo Stars will square off against Kandy Falcons later in the day in Hambantota. Veteran Sri Lankan cricketer Angelo Mathews, who will lead the Colombo-based franchise in the third edition of the competition, will be hoping to get off to a winning start. Meanwhile, their opponents, Kandy Falcons, who have finished at the bottom of the table in the previous two editions, will be eyeing a better campaign this term. Venue: Mahinda Rajapaksa International Cricket Stadium, HambantotaDate & Time: December 06, 07:30 PM ISTTelecast & Live Streaming: Sony Sports network and SonyLIVThe venue in Hambantota last hosted a T20I back in 2013 when Sri Lanka took on the Proteas. The surface is conducive to spin bowling, and the teams winning the toss would be inclined to bat first with rain around the corner.Niroshan Dickwella, Dinesh Chandimal, Charith Asalanka, Angelo Mathews (c), Ravi Bopara, Dhananjaya Lakshan, Benny Howell, Karim Janat, Jeffrey Vandersay, Naveen-ul-Haq, Kasun RajithaMinod Bhanuka, Andre Fletcher, Pathum Nissanka, Wanindu Hasaranga (c), Najibullah Zadran, Kamindu Mendis, Fabian Allen, Ashan Priyanjan, Isuru Udana, Carlos Braithwaite, Matheesha PathiranaVeteran Sri Lankan middle-order batter Dinesh Chandimal has had a prolific year in the longest format of the game. However, the elegant batter is no mug in T20s and has scored 291 runs in just 10 matches in the competition's history. He is likely to have a big say on a tricky surface in Hambantota. The right-handed batter forms the spine of the Colombo batting order along with skipper Angelo MathewsKandy Falcons' skipper Wanindu Hasaranga is arguably the most lethal bowler in the shortest format of the game. His form will be pivotal for Warriors this year following an exceptional T20 World Cup campaign in Australia. He is no mug with the bat either and registered his fourth half-century in 50-over cricket in the recently concluded series against Afghanistan.Also Check: Dream11 Team Prediction for CS vs KWDisclaimer: This prediction is based on the understanding, analysis, and instinct of the author. While making your prediction, consider the points mentioned, and make your own decision.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.