Editor View : 6.5K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 04, 2022, 19:39 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIndia and Bangladesh were involved in a low-scoring thriller in the first of the three-match ODI series on Sunday (December 4). Mehidy Hasan Miraz was the hero for the home team who pulled off a stunning win for his side with a 51-run stand for the last wicket. He was lucky as well on a couple of occasions with Indian fielders either dropping or not going for catches.One such incident happened in the 43rd over of the innings when Bangladesh were a fair way away from victory. Shardul Thakur had the ball in hand and off the fourth delivery of the over, Mehidy sliced the ball hard towards the third-man fielder. There was an opportunity for India to seal the game but Washington Sundar, fielding at the position, didn't attack the ball and it fell well in front of him.Looking at the effort, India skipper Rohit Sharma was very much furious with his teammate and ended up abusing him in the process. It seemed as if Rohit didn't believe that Sundar didn't for the catch that seemed possible. Moreover, emotions were running high at that point in time which led to the India captain expressing himself on the field. "What the f**k, Bhe*c**d," Rohit screemed in frustration.coolest captain of all time rohit sharma abused his young teammate just now but but Kohli is this and that and rohit sharma is cool and calm pic.twitter.com/Dh18AZJLoOInterestingly, only a ball earlier, Mehidy Hasan had rode his luck with wicketkeeper KL Rahul dropping his catch at fine leg. It was a short ball from Thakur and the top edge off a pull shot from the batter led to the ball going high. Rahul ran back and went for the catch, but eventually ended up dropping it and with that, the game as well.Irrespective of the luck, Mehidy Hasan Miraz was exceptional with the bat as he single-handedly took Bangladesh home with a spectacular knock when the chips were down. With this win, the hosts lead the three-match series by 1-0 and would be keen on sealing the series in the next game that is to be played on December 7.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.