Author View : 3.4K3 Min ReadUpdated - Sep 18, 2022, 13:30 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe Brian Lara Stadium will host the top vs bottom clash on Sunday, 18th September, as table toppers, Barbados Royals square off against the bottom-placed Guyana Amazon Warriors. Barbados Royals are the most in-form side in this year's competition, winning six of their seven matches. Their only defeat came in the previous encounter against Jamaica Tallawahs, snapping their winning streak of six matches.Meanwhile, last year's semi-finalists, Guyana have endured a miserable CPL 2022, managing just a solitary win in five outings in the tournament. They will face a stiff challenge against a Barbados side who are favorites to go all the way in this year's tournament. Shimron Hetmyer will need a special performance from his side to halt the Barbados juggernaut on Sunday. Venue: Brian Lara Stadium, Tarouba, TrinidadDate & Time: September 18, 07:30 PM IST & 10:00 AM Local TimeWhere to Watch: Star Sports Network & FanCodeThe Brian Lara Stadium has something to offer for all the parties involved, with the pitch assisting the pacers in the early proceedings. Batting becomes much easier in the second half of the game, but the spinners also get more purchase from the surface, which dries up in the latter stages of the match. Batting first on this surface will be the ideal decision by the side winning the toss.Rahkeem Cornwall, Kyle Mayers, Corbin Bosch, Quinton de Kock, David Miller (c), Azam Khan (wk), Jason Holder, Obed McCoy, Mujeeb Ur Rahman, Joshua Bishop, Ramon SimmondsPaul Stirling, Chandrapaul Hemraj, Colin Ingram, Heinrich Klaasen (wk), Shimron Hetmyer (c), Keemo Paul, Romario Shepherd, Odean Smith, Junior Sinclair, Imran Tahir, Tabraiz ShamsiThe hard-hitting Barbadian Kyle Mayers suffered a rare poor outing in the previous encounter after being dismissed for just a solitary run to his name. The dashing opener has smashed bowlers all around the park in this year's edition of the CPL, leading the scoring charts with 286 runs to his name in seven appearances. While Mayers is doing the talking with the bat for Royals, veteran Windies all-rounder Jason Holder has been playing his part with the ball, scalping 11 wickets in the competition so far. Holder, along with Obed McCoy, has been successful in restricting teams with their pinpoint accuracy and subtle variations with the ball in hand.Also Check: Dream11 Team Prediction for BAR vs GUY © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.