Jr. Staff Writer View : 9113 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 03, 2022, 15:10 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onBangladesh and India are all set to lock horns in the first ODI of the three-match series at the Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium in Mirpur on December 4, Sunday. After facing a 1-0 series defeat against New Zealand in their recently completed ODI series, India will be looking to get back to winning ways.Both teams were handed a blow as some of their key players will be out due to injuries. India’s last ODI outing was hampered by the weather conditions as rain played a spoilsport. After losing the first game to New Zealand, the remaining two games were called off due to rain and New Zealand clinched the series 1-0.Though India will be the favourites to win the series, the Bangla Tigers should not be taken lightly. Bangladesh are backed with a massive 105-run victory against Zimbabwe from their last ODI that was played back in August 2022. They also defeated South Africa to script history and the ODI series 2-1 in South Africa.India and Bangladesh last faced each other, in an ODI, during the 2019 World Cup, where the Men in Blue bagged a 28-run victory. Bangladesh will be without their key players Taskin Ahmed and Tamim Iqbal as Litton Das is set to replace him as the skipper. On the other hand, India faced a major setback when senior pacer Mohammed Shami was ruled out due to a shoulder injury.The Sher-E-Bangla National Cricket Stadium's pitch has a tendency to slow down in the second half of the innings, hence the toss-winning captain may decide to bat first. Given that the game will begin in the afternoon at 12:00 PM local time, the dew won't have a major impact on the outcome.BangladeshBangladesh will have the services of Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim, and Mahmudullah and their experience will play a big role when they face an almost full-strength India. Litton Das put up a great performance when the two teams met at the T20 World Cup 2022 in November and he would be looking to bring up a similar game.Probable Playing XI- Anamul Haque, Litton Das (c), Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim, Afif Hossain, Mahmudullah, Nurul Hasan (wk), Mehidy Hasan Miraz, Mustafizur Rahman, Hasan Mahmud, Ebadot HossainIndiaAfter a long time, Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma will be seen batting together as the opening pair. Deepak Chahar is expected to play the first game in the absence of Shami as his ability to swing the ball and score runs as a handy batter down the order will be very much beneficial for India.Probable Playing XI: Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma (c), Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul, Rishabh Pant (wk), Washington Sundar, Axar Patel, Shardul Thakur, Deepak Chahar, Mohammed SirajPlayed- 36 | Bangladesh- 5 | India- 30 | NR- 01Match Timings- 11:30 AM IST, 12:00 PM LOCALLive Broadcast- Sony Sports NetworkLive Streaming- SonyLiv App© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.