Jr. Statistician View : 8.9K3 Min ReadUpdated - Jan 25, 2022, 17:09 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onVirat Kohli, after leading the team for seven fruitful years in the Test format, finally decided to step down from the leadership role as within few months, he is no longer a captain in any format of the game. It all started in September just nearl,y one month before the start of the T20 World Cup 2021, when the star Indian batter announced his decision to quit as a T20I skipper. Days after announcing his departure from India’s T20I captaincy, Kohli gave another shock to his fans this time by stepping down from Royal Challengers Bangalore’s captaincy role in the Indian Premier League (IPL).Kohli led franchise RCB for nine long seasons with no trophy but the 33-years old will continue playing for the team as a specialist batter under the new skipper. He, along with Australia’s Glenn Maxwell and India’s pacer Mohammed Siraj, was retained by RCB ahead of the IPL 2022 mega auction. In December 2021, BCCI removed Kohli from the ODI captaincy as the board declared Rohit Sharma as the new leader of the Indian team for the 50-overs format.Kohli ended his Test captaincy tenure by winning 40 matches out of 68 for his country, becoming India’s most successul Test skipper. MS Dhoni captained the team in 60 Test matches with victories achieved in 27 games. Sourav Ganguly marshaled his troops in 49 games with wins coming in 21 Tests. Overall, Kohli is the fourth most successful captain in the history of Test cricket as Ricky Ponting, Graeme Smith, and Steve Waugh are the top three leaders with 53, 48, and 41 Test wins under their belt respectively.Virat shattered a flurry of captaincy records during his reign as he became the first Indian captain to win a Test series on Australian soil. He captained the Indian team to four overseas Test victories twice in a calendar year in 2018 and 2021. He became the first Indian and also Asian skipper to win a Test match in Centurion. With seven wins in SENA countries, he also created history by becoming the first Asian to record the feat.The aggressive King Kohli will surely be missed by the Indian fans as he matched fire with fire on the field while leading his side. The above records speak volumes for someone who took his team from seventh to number one in the ICC Test rankings and kept the hold on that spot for five consecutive years. The Indian team also reached the final of the inaugural WTC in June 2021 under the stewardship of Kohli where they faced New Zealand with the result not going their way as they got defeated by 8 wickets.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.