Author View : 1.1K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 27, 2022, 11:32 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIndia's Harmanpreet Kaur is looking forward to the inaugural edition of Women’s IPL, with the ICC Women’s T20 World Cup just around the corner. The Indian skipper is unfazed by the challenge of the opposition in the upcoming ICC mega event and is focused on utilizing the strengths of her team instead. The trailblazing all-rounder is also looking forward to sharing the dressing room with overseas players in the Women's IPL.Harmanpreet Kaur is having a year to remember for the Indian team, guiding them to a silver medal at the Commonwealth Games earlier this year and following it up with a historic seventh Asia Cup title in October. The inspirational Indian skipper praised the BCCI's initiative to roll out the Women's IPL saying it would benefit the domestic players to great extent, providing them an opportunity to rub shoulders with international players."The women’s IPL is something we are looking forward to. It will be a good experience, especially for the domestic players who are good but were not getting the chance to play at the international level. This is a great platform for them, and if they perform well, they will definitely get picked for the national side," Harmanpreet said in an exclusive interview with News18.The hard-hitting Indian all-rounder is an inspiring figure in the dressing room as she was one of the first players to ply her trade in foreign franchise leagues like the WBBL and The Hundred. She stated that the younger players will learn a lot playing alongside overseas players as she did playing in foreign leagues."They are also going to share the dressing room with overseas players, and when you play with them, your competence goes high as well. You’re definitely going to learn great things from them. That’s what happened to me when I played the WBBL and The Hundred. I learned a lot from them, shared my thoughts, and got ideas from them as well," Kaur added.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.