Author View : 1.2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Jun 23, 2022, 18:37 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe Auckland cricket team has announced the signing of English player Luke Wright as performance and talent coach on Thursday (June 23). Wright recently bagged a coaching role with the New Zealand national team for the upcoming Ireland, Scotland and Netherlands tours.“The leading English domestic T20 run-scorer and ICC T20 World Cup winner returns to Auckland as the newly appointed ACES Performance and Talent Coach,” Auckland Cricket mentioned in an official statement.The 37-year-old English all-rounder recently made the news after becoming the first player to achieve the 5000-run mark in T20 Blast history. He resigned from his captaincy duties before the start of this season and is struggling with injuries lately. He scored 46 runs against Glamorgan, his highest score this season, but Sussex suffered their seventh defeat from the opening ten matches. After the Glamorgan match, Wright hinted at his retirement plans at the end of this season despite another year left on his contract with Sussex.ACES PERFORMANCE AND TALENT COACH | The leading English domestic T20 run-scorer and ICC T20 World Cup winner returns to Auckland as the newly appointed ACES Performance and Talent Coach. Details – https://t.co/EF2AZUK7Yx#TheAucklandWay #FollowSuit pic.twitter.com/udTU0V7lKW— Auckland Cricket (@aucklandcricket) June 23, 2022Wright has previously played for the Auckland cricket team in the Super Smash tournament for the two seasons in 2013-14 and 2014-15, and had scored 188 runs in 10 matches. His wife Rebecca Whilst is from Auckland as well and the player said that he has a good memory of how the Auckland team treated him and his family.“I really enjoyed my time on the pitch with the team but it was the memories of how my family and I were treated that stood out. My core values as a coach are to build relationships and belief in players. When players have confidence and belief, amazing things can happen. I can’t wait,” Wright said on the official Auckland cricket website.Auckland head coach Doug Watson reckons that the player’s experience will prove helpful for the development of the players and will have a great impact on the team’s overall environment.“He will bring fresh ideas to our set-up and has a good understanding of our team culture. Having someone of the calibre of Luke in our setup will be great for the development of the players and our overall team environment,” said Watson.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.