Author View : 20.4K3 Min ReadUpdated - Feb 28, 2022, 16:42 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe Pakistan Super League (PSL) 2022 final saw Lahore Qalandars beat in-form Multan Sultans by 42 runs to win their maiden title at Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore on February 27. The Qalandars got second time lucky in the summit clash after having suffered a five-wicket loss to Karachi Kings in the final of 2020 edition. While the winning team took home prize money of PKR 80 million, the runners-up earned a sum of PKR 32 million.The seventh edition of the PSL was held entirely in Pakistan with Lahore and Karachi being the two cities to host all 34 matches. Just a day after the conclusion of the one-month tournament, it has been reported that the PSL 2022 profits jumped to 71 percent which is the most in the history of the competition ever since its inception in 2016. This was officially confirmed by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) Chairman Ramiz Raja.“There is no doubt that the HBL Pakistan Super League 7 has been a phenomenal success and this is largely due to the fact that we had amazing crowds, both in Karachi and Lahore. In my professional career, I have never seen such charged up, overwhelming, enthusiastic, lively, and supportive crowds, particularly in Lahore”, said Ramiz Raja as quoted by Cricket Pakistan.“HBL PSL 7 profits jumped to 71 percent, the most in its history, with each franchise earning around PKR 900 million, again the most in HBL PSL’s history, and all before the first ball was even bowled. For next year, we aspire to take this league to the homes of all franchises and broaden its fan-reach”, he added.Coming back to the final, veteran all-rounder Mohammad Hafeez’s splendid knock of 69 runs off 46 deliveries helped Lahore Qalandars post a challenging total of 180/5 from their 20 overs. In reply, captain Rizwan and Shan Masood kept the title-holders in the hunt with a 36-run opening stand. Nonetheless, both were dismissed in quick succession just before the completion of the Powerplay overs.Masood’s run out was the turning point of the contest as the Sultans never recovered thereafter and kept losing wickets at regular intervals with the asking rate getting steeper. Tim David (27) and Khushdil Shah (32) tried to do the unthinkable with a 51-run stand for the sixth wicket but, the Lahore bowlers staged a remarkable comeback to bundle out Multan Sultans for 138 with three balls to spare.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.