Jr. Staff Writer View : 1.1K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 03, 2022, 13:36 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIndia are in Bangladesh as they gear up to square off against the hosts for a three-match ODI series scheduled to commence on Sunday, December 4. The Men in Blue recently lost the three-match ODI series against New Zealand 1-0 after two games got washed out due to rain.The tour to Bangladesh marks team India’s first visit for a bilateral series to the nation since 2015. Skipper Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli have returned to the squad after taking a break from the recently concluded series again the Kiwis. On the other hand, the Bangla Tigers are coming into the series without the services of Tamim Iqbal, who picked up a groin injury and has been replaced by Litton Das to lead the side.  Speaking about their head-to-head records, the Men in Blue have played Bangladesh on 36 occasions in ODIs and have won 30 times. The clash between the two has yielded one no result and has gone in favour of Bangladesh on five occasions.Weather has played a major role in the recent matches that team India has taken part in as three of their matches in the series against the Black Caps yielded no result across the T20I and ODI leg. The match between Bangladesh and India is scheduled to commence on Sunday, November 4 at 11.30 am (IST).Fans can expect a full-fledged encounter as far as the first ODI is concerned because Dhaka is predicted to have clear skies throughout the course of the game. Furthermore, there is no precipitation expected during the course of the match. The temperature throughout the day is expected to remain at around 27-28°C.Speaking about the pitch at the Sher-E-Bangla National Cricket Stadium it tends to get slower towards the second half of the innings and therefore the skippers could elect to bat first. Since the game will start at 11:30 AM IST it is expected that the dew won't play a huge role in the game.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.