Author View : 1.4K3 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 04, 2022, 17:00 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onTeam Abu Dhabi is all set to take on Morrisville Samp Army in the Abu Dhabi T10 League third-place playoff match at the Sheik Zayed Stadium. Morrisville Samp Army came close to making their place in the finals but lost to the Deccan Gladiators in the Qualifier 2 after Andre Russell stunned with the bat to eliminate the Samp Army from the finale race. On the other hand, Team Abu Dhabi had the game in their control in the first innings in the Eliminator against the Deccan Gladiators. However, a terrible batting collapse in the cut-throat game led to Team Abu Dhabi crashing out of the race. Both teams will be eyeing to end up on the podium after failing to make the finals. Venue: Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu Dhabi Date and Time: December 4, 5:30 PM IST  Telecast & Live Streaming Details: Sports18, Jio Cinema Since the upcoming fixture is an evening game, the bowlers will get some assistance from the pitch and it is not going to be easy to chase down scores. The skipper winning the toss will be looking to bowl first on the wicket and use the conditions to the team's advantage. Chris Lynn (c), Alex Hales, James Vince, Brandon King, Fabian Allen, Alishan Sharafu, Andrew Tye, Peter Hatzoglou, Kamran Atta (wk), Adil Rashid, Naveen-ul-Haq Moeen Ali (c), Johnson Charles (wk), Karim Janat, Basil Hameed, Dwaine Pretorius, Shimron Hetmyer, David Miller, Chamika Karunaratne, Maheesh Theekshana, Sheldon Cottrell, Ahmed Raza Moeen Ali played a blinder of an innings in the previous game at the top of the order and led from the front, playing the captain’s knock. The left-hander hit a 29-ball 78 comprising of six sixes and six fours to propel his side to an excellent total despite ending up on the losing side. He will be looking to end the campaign with a victory. Dwaine Pretorius managed to get a breakthrough in the previous game despite other bowlers conceding lot of runs. The South African all-rounder will be looking to make use of his variations and come up with a good spell in the upcoming fixture. He can also hit a long ball down the order and is likely to have a major impact in the game.  © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.