Author View : 2.3K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 12, 2022, 13:05 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onFormer India skipper Sourav Ganguly and Master Blaster Sachin Tendulkar were involved in so many memorable batting partnerships in their heydays and have also been an integral part of many of the Indian team’s historic on-field achievements.Meanwhile, Ganguly reminisced a fascinating incident pertaining to Tendulkar while he was speaking at realtors' apex body CREDAI's annual conference 'NATCON 2022'.He revealed that Sachin was scoring runs in one of the games as if nothing untoward happened despite being hit in the ribs by a Shoaib Akhtar delivery. Former BCCI president Ganguly also mentioned that even though Tendulkar showed no signs of pain or discomfort while batting, he had a double fracture in his ribs the following morning.“Sachin was the most sane one and Sehwag was insane. So its Sachin. He actually also made me a better player. Sachin actually got me lift my game,” said Ganguly while speaking at the event.“Sachin. He was special and I have seen him up close. I have seen him hit in the rib cage. Did not make a noise. Got runs. The next morning he had a double fracture in ribs,” he added.“I heard a sound and I went and asked him you are okay? He said he was fine. The next morning he had fractures. He was special,” the former BCCI president further added.Sourav Ganguly was denied a second term as the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) president after a vote of no-confidence was passed against him for not meeting the expected parameters while occupying the designated post. Ganguly was succeeded by 1983 World Cup-winning pacer Roger Binny as the board president during the BCCI’s AGM in Mumbai on October 18.It now remains to be seen whether Ganguly will be heading back to serve the Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) in some capacity or resume his career as a broadcaster. Prior to serving as the BCCI president, the 50-year-old had held the presidential post at CAB. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.