Author View : 2.8K2 Min ReadUpdated - Sep 29, 2022, 24:00 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onGuyana Amazon Warriors' pacer Odean Smith was involved in a bizzare incident against Barbados Royals in their Caribbean Premier League 2022 (CPL) last group stage fixture on Sunday (September 25).The incident happened during the 16th over of Royals' innings at Providence Stadium in Guyana. But fortunately, Odean's negligence didn't cost the game for the Amazon Warriors, who won the match by five wickets and secured the second spot on the table.Royals had already secured first place in the league table but Amazon Warriors needed a win to qualify for the Qualifier 1.Amazon Warriors' bowlers were impressive from the start and bowled out Royals for just 125 in 17.3 overs. Odean took two big wickets of Devon Smith and Najibullah Zadran while conceding 42 runs in his four overs.But the 25-year-old right-arm pacer looked totally off the track in the 16th over. He conceded one six and a four and also bowled three wide deliveries. Then he bowled a straight good length delivery which Ramon Simmonds defended and played towards Odean.But instead of picking up the ball, Odean tried to kick it towards the wicketkeeper, but couldn't kick it properly in that direction. Royals' batter then easily completed two runs to grab a total of 18 runs in the over.😂😭😂pic.twitter.com/XdlbAbi2Fh

Odean was clearly frustrated with himself and looked emotionless in the replay. Guyana's captain Shimron Hetmyer was also speechless at his teammate's antics and looked frustrated as well. Royals' innings collapsed at 125 and then Shakib Al Hasan smashed a match-winning fifty to guide Guyana Amazon Warriors to an easy five-wicket win.Both teams faced each other again in the CPL Qualifier 1 fixture on Tuesday (September 27) where the Royals took sweet revenge with a big 87-run win to reach the finals. Guyana will be facing Jamaica Tallawahs in the Qualifier 2 fixture on Thursday (September 29).Odean's performances in the CPL 2022 have been below average with just ten wickets in ten matches at an average of 26.40 and a poor economy rate of 11.07 so far.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.