Author View : 3.5K3 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 04, 2022, 18:15 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onBangladesh is all set to host India for a three-match ODI series and this will be an important series for both the sides in terms of their preparations for the ODI World Cup 2023. The senior batters of Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli and KL Rahul will be returning for the Indian side and the surprise inclusions for the series were promising batters Rahul Tripathi and Rajat Patidar ahead of proven customers like Sanju Samson and Shubman Gill.  Jasprit Bumrah is not around due to injury concerns, and India faced another blow as Mohammed Shami was ruled out of the entire series. Spinners Axar Patel and Washington Sundar will have a key role to play with the bat down the order. Deepak Chahar and Shardul Thakur will have big shoes to fill in too, in the absence of senior pros. Every performance from here on will be noted given the mega ICC event is coming up. On the other hand, Bangladesh have brought in experienced players like Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur and Mahmudullah for the series. Skipper Tamim Iqbal will miss the series due to injury concerns while Taskin Ahmed has been ruled out of the first ODI. Litton Das has been appointed the captain for the ODI series.Venue: Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium, Mirpur Date and Time: December 4, 11:30 AM IST  Telecast & Live Streaming: Sony Sports NetworkThe Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium has usually had an excellent wicket to bat despite the bounce being quite low. The fast bowlers are expected to be helped by the swinging conditions upfront and the skipper winning the toss will be looking to chase down score at the venue. Anamul Haque, Litton Das (c), Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim, Afif Hossain, Mahmudullah, Nurul Hasan (wk), Mehidy Hasan Miraz, Mustafizur Rahman, Hasan Mahmud, Ebadot Hossain Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma (c), Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul, Rishabh Pant (wk), Washington Sundar, Axar Patel, Shardul Thakur, Deepak Chahar, Mohammed SirajShreyas Iyer has been the in-form batter for India in the ODIs and he has looked in great touch whenever he has got an opportunity. The right-hander is likely to come in at number four and he will have the chance to seal his spot for the next World Cup 2023. Despite having troubles with the short ball, Iyer averages close to 50 in the format.  Mohammed Siraj is a strong contender for a spot in the ODI World Cup 2023 and he has got the skills to deliver. The 28-year-old hits the tough lengths for the batter and has the ability to swing the ball upfront in the powerplay. He can be handy at the back end of the innings with his yorkers and will be looking to impress the management.  Also Check: Dream11 Team Prediction for BAN vs IND© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.