Jr. Staff Writer View : 4K2 Min ReadUpdated - Aug 29, 2022, 13:09 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onAfter a match-defining knock against Pakistan, Twitter once again went berserk and lauded Hardik Pandya for his all-round skills in India’s first match of this year’s Asia Cup. Pandya first took three crucial wickets of Mohammad Rizwan, Iftikhar Ahmed and Khusdil Shah and later scored a quick 33* off 17 deliveries to help India beat the men in green by 5 wickets.Hardik showed tremendous self confidence under a lot of pressure and hit the match-winning six to take India home in the final over of the match. His six reminded the Indians how MS Dhoni used to finish games in style during his time. Hardik even revealed that he has learnt a lot from the former India captain on how to finish the games.“I have learnt a lot from my MS Dhoni bhai as a finisher and how to finish the games. I just try to keep my calm and try to assess the situation.  said Hardik while speaking to host broadcaster Star Sports after the match.Hardik Pandya about @MSDhoni's influence on his role of a finisher. pic.twitter.com/qpRcaS4vM6— Harsha. (@CricHarsha) August 29, 2022With Dinesh Karthik given the role of a premium finisher, it was expected of him to play the crucial deliveries in the final overs of the match. However, when India needed 7 runs in the final over of the match, Dinesh Karthik took a single and gave the strike to Pandya. On the third delivery, Pandya made room for himself and played a cover drive but could not beat the extra cover fielder. Even when a run was possible, the 28-year-old denied and retained the strike. On the next ball, Hardik hit a crunching six over long-on and finished the game. “It’s important to asses the situation and use your weapons,” Pandya says. “The hard lengths particularly. But you have to use them wisely. When it comes to batting, the chances I take when executing, I’m likelier to pullit off when I’m calmer. I knew they had Nawaz waiting to bowl, and while we needed 7, even if we needed 15 I would have fancied by chances,” Pandya said after the match.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.