Author View : 3.2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 14, 2022, 13:34 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onSouth Africa have announced a 16-member squad for the upcoming three-match Test series in Australia as Dean Elgar will continue to lead the side. The Proteas have retained most of the members from the Test tour to England, however, one of the noticeable names missing out is Aiden Markram. South Africa will also miss the services of promising talent Keegan Petersen, who has suffered a serious hamstring injury.  Theunis de Bruyn has earned a recall into the side while Gerald Coetzee has got his maiden call-up. The 22-year-old has 40 wickets at an average of 28.82 in 13 first-class matches thus far. Meanwhile, Temba Bavuma, who recently led South Africa in the T20 World Cup 2022, is back in the squad after missing out England tour, while Rassie van der Dussen has also returned after his finger injury.The Test series starts by 17th of December and will go until the second week of January.National Convenor of Selectors Victor Mpitsang said that he convinced with the team selected for Australia tour and noted about the core that has been developing. “We are pleased with the group of players that have been assembled for this tour. I think the selectors now have a core group of Proteas that has been built and it is just about building on what we have. There is a welcome return for our vice-captain Temba after his injury and we are also happy to have Rassie back too following his finger injury in England. I am especially excited about our pace attack, which is no doubt growing in stature and strength," he said.“Overall, all the players selected undoubtedly have the ability to play at the highest level, and evidence of that is our standing on the ICC World Test Championship table. We are confident that if they play to their ability, we can challenge Australia in their conditions. We would like to wish the players well for the tour and look forward to an exciting and competitive series,” Mpitsang added.Dean Elgar (captain), Temba Bavuma, Gerald Coetzee, Theunis de Bruyn, Sarel Erwee, Simon Harmer, Marco Jansen, Heinrich Klaasen, Keshav Maharaj, Lungi Ngidi, Anrich Nortje, Kagiso Rabada, Glenton Stuurman, Rassie van der Dussen, Kyle Verreynne, Khaya Zondo 09 – 12 December: Cricket Australia XI vs South Africa – The Allan Border Field, Brisbane17 – 21 December: Australia vs South Africa – The Gabba, Brisbane26 – 30 December: Australia vs South Africa – MCG, Melbourne04 – 08 January: Australia vs South Africa – SCG, Sydney© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.