Author View : 3.2K6 Min ReadUpdated - Aug 29, 2022, 19:08 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onLondon Spirit (LNS) are set to host Birmingham Phoenix (BPH) in the 30th match of The Hundred Men 2022 tournament at Lord’s in London on Tuesday. London Spirit lost against Oval Invincibles in the last match and now are placed in the second position in the league table with 10 points. Adam Rossington smashed 36 runs off 22 balls but they were restricted to just 122 runs while batting first. The Invincibles easily reached the target with six wickets and 14 balls remaining despite in-form Jordan Thompson taking two wickets.Birmingham Phoenix suffered a big 79-run defeat against Manchester Originals in the last match. Manchester side put a big target of 155 runs while batting first with Benny Howell taking three wickets. Then the Phoenix stumbled on just 75 runs with Will Smeed scoring the highest 31 runs. They are now placed in the fifth position with eight points in seven matches so far.Venue: Lord’s, LondonDate & Time: 30th August at 11:00 PM IST and 06:30 PM Local TimeLive Streaming: FanCodeThe pitch at Lord’s is equally helpful for both batters and bowlers in the shortest format of the game. The average first innings score in Hundred Men’s matches is around 152 runs and teams batting first have won six times so far.Liam Livingstone will miss the remaining fixtures due to an ankle injury.Adam Rossington (wk), Ben McDermott, Josh Inglish, Dan Lawrence, Eoin Morgan (c), Ravi Bopara, Jordan Thompson, Liam Dawson, Nathan Ellis, Chris Wood, Mason Crane.Miles Hammond, Will Smeed, Moeen Ali (c), Chris Benjamin, Matthew Wade (wk), Brett D’Oliveira, Benny Howell, Ben Dwarshuis, Tom Helm, Henry Brookes, Kane Richardson.The English youngster continued his good form in the last game with a good knock of 31 runs off 17 balls, after some poor displays in the last few matches. He is leading the scoring charts for his team with 178 runs in seven matches at an impressive strike rate of 174.50 this season.The Phoenix skipper has been in excellent form for his team with 161 runs in seven matches and four wickets in five innings so far. He will be a key player Birmingham side in the absence of Liam Livingstone and will be a good captaincy choice on Tuesday.The star Australian right-arm pacer continues his red-hot form with another two-wicket haul in the last match against Manchester Originals. He has taken two or more wickets in his last five matches and is leading the wickets chart with 12 wickets in just six matches at an economy rate of 7.8.The in-form right-arm pacer scored 27 runs off 19 balls and took two wickets while conceding just 22 runs in the last match against Oval Invincibles. He is leading the most-wickets chart with 12 wickets in just seven matches at an impressive average of 16.With Moeen Ali struggling for wickets, Dan Lawrence has been very consistent with both bat and ball for London Spirit this season. He has scored 109 runs in just five innings and has taken five wickets in just three innings so far.The in-form batter scored another crucial knock of 36 runs off 22 balls in the last match, his third 30-plus score in the last five matches, and is an easy wicketkeeping pick option ahead of other players.Adam Rossington (c), Eoin Morgan, Will Smeed, Dan Lawrence, Moeen Ali (vc), Jordan Thompson, Liam Dawson, Benny Howell, Kane Richardson, Chris Wood, Tom Helm.Adam Rossington, Ben McDermott, Will Smeed (vc), Miles Hammond, Dan Lawrence, Moeen Ali, Jordan Thompson (c), Benny Howell, Kane Richardson, Nathan Ellis, Mason Crane.The former English skipper has scored the second-highest 122 runs for his team this season. But has managed to score in double-digit only once in the last five matches and can prove a very risky captaincy choice on Tuesday.The 26-year-old batter has scored 118 runs in seven matches but at a strike rate of 122.91 so far. He scored 31 runs off 27 balls against the Superchargers but has struggled to cross the 30-run mark in the other six matches this season.The experienced Australian wicketkeeper has struggled for big knocks in The Hundred 2022 with just 93 runs in six matches at a strike rate of 134.78.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.