Author View : 3.7K2 Min ReadUpdated - Sep 02, 2022, 22:49 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe eighth edition of the Pakistan Super League (PSL) is scheduled to begin on February 9, 2023, with the final to be held on March 19. It will be held across four venues, as they did in PSL 2020, and Karachi, Lahore, Multan and Rawalpindi will be the hosts. The talks about the upcoming season were held during a Governing Council meeting at the National High Performance Centre in Lahore.The 2021 PSL was held in January to facilitate the Australia tour of Pakistan in March, and the inaugural edition of the competition in 2016 was held in the earlier parts of the year when compared to the 2023 PSL schedule. The previous season was won by Lahore Qalandars, led by Shaheen Shah Afridi, after winning the final against Multan Sultans in Gaddafi Stadium, Lahore, on February 27.Islamabad United have won the competition two times, which is the most by any side. Peshawar Zalmi, Quetta Gladiators, Karachi Kings and Multan Sultans have all won the title one time each. Meanwhile, Pakistan will host England for seven T20Is between September and October. And the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) Chairman Ramiz Raja announced that the gate earnings of the first T20I, which will be held in Karachi, will be donated to the Prime Minister’s Flood Relief Fund 2022.The PCB also urged the fans to purchase tickets and come in big numbers once the tickets are out for sale, to show solidarity and support to all those affected by the flood.  “As cricket unites our proud nation, we stand firmly with the victims and all those involved in​ the flood relief and rescue operations,” Raja was quoted as saying on PCB’s official website.“As a responsible and caring organisation, the PCB has always stood with its fans and public in tough, challenging and testing times,” added Raja. “ In this regard, we have decided to donate gate proceeds from the first T20I against England ​next month to the Prime Minister’s Flood Relief Fund.” The T20I series will be Pakistan’s first bilateral series after the Asia Cup 2022.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.