Jr. Staff Writer View : 9802 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 03, 2022, 16:11 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onNew York Strikers and Morrisville Samp Army will clash in the qualifier one game of the Abu Dhabi T10 League 2022 on Saturday (December 3) at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi. Both teams have had successful outings in the tournament's group stage. The Strikers won six out of seven matches and have already defeated the Samp Army once in the tournament. Samp Army finished the group stage in the second position with five wins in seven matches.At Rario, the official Cricket Player Cards platform for this mega league, cricket fans get the opportunity to own their favorite players' cards and participate in a host of contests. One user must purchase three cards from Rario's marketplace: a batter, a bowler, and an all-rounder/wicketkeeper. These three cards should include a player from both teams. Once you fulfill these two basic criteria, you can participate in the D3 Cricket Strategy Games.Karim Janat has been one of the top performers for the Samp Army. He has made 20+ scores in the last two matches and has scored a half-century in the tournament as well.Eoin Morgan, the former English captain, has aged like fine wine and is the top Rario D3 predictions today pick. He is the leading run-scorer for his team.Wahab Riaz has taken seven wickets in five matches at an average of 13, an economy of 10.5, and a strike rate of 7.4. In the last game, he picked three wickets for just four runs and earned the Player of the Match award.Shimron Hetmyer has batted in only four out of seven matches in the tournament and has made runs at a strike rate of almost 200. In the last game, he made 45 runs off just 18 deliveries and won the Player of the Match award too. He is one of the top Rario D3 prediction today picks.Akeal Hosein has taken six wickets in six innings at an average of 11.66, an economy of 6.36, and a strike rate of 11.Johnson Charles, the wicketkeeper-batter, has made over 150 runs in seven matches at an average of 33.8 and a strike rate of 187.77.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.