Jr. Staff Writer View : 6.4K3 Min ReadUpdated - Jun 18, 2022, 11:00 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onGloucestershire will be hosting a struggling Glamorgan team at Bristol on Saturday, 18th June. Gloucestershire got the better off Glamorgan in the reverse fixture earlier this month, courtesy of an all-around display by Glenn Phillips. Jack Taylor’s side will play their second game in the space of just 24 hours, having faced Somerset on Friday. They will look to consolidate their position in the top half of the South Group, and will be buoyed by the return of former Pakistan pacer Mohammad Amir to the squad. Meanwhile, Glamorgan have struggled in this year’s T20 Blast as they have managed just two wins in eight appearances, an abysmal record that sees them placed at the second-bottom position in the points table.Venue: County Ground, BristolDate and Time: June 18, 2022, 7:00 PM ISTLive Streaming: FanCodeThe County Ground at Bristol was a batting paradise in the earlier stages of the tournament, but lately, the batters have struggled at the ground with the bowlers enjoying more on the pitch. The team winning the toss will look to bowl first and make use of the bowling conditions in the early part of the match.Miles Hammond, James Bracey (wk), Ian Cockbain, Glenn Phillips, Jack Taylor (c), Ryan Higgins, Benny Howell, Tom Smith, Mohammad Amir, Zak Chappell, Matt Taylor
David Lloyd (c), Sam Northeast, Colin Ingram, Kiran Carlson, Alex Horton (wk), Edward Byrom, Daniel Douthwaite, James Weighell, James Harris, Prem Sisodiya, Michael HoganOpener Sam Northeast has been one of the very few shining lights of Glamorgan’s torturous season. The 32-year-old has so far scored 256 runs for Glamorgan in eight matches at a healthy average of 42.66. The right-hand batter will like to continue his good form and score big against Gloucestershire.Glamorgan’s Michael Hogan has had a great outing with the ball this term as he has managed to bag 15 wickets going under eight runs per over. The veteran pacer’s figures of 5/18 are only bettered by this year’s leading wicket-taker Naveen-ul-Haq’s 5/11. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.