Jr. Staff Writer View : 18.8K2 Min ReadUpdated - Jun 20, 2022, 13:20 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onBirmingham Bears skipper Carlos Brathwaite action’s during a group stage match of the 2022 T20 Blast cost his team five penalty runs against Derbyshire on June 19 (Sunday) at Edgbaston. To note, Derbyshire went on to win the match comfortably by seven wickets.The incident involving Carlos took place during the 13th over of the second innings. The right-arm pacer bowled a length ball to Wayne Madsen who tried to play a defensive stroke. Brathwaite, seeking a run-out dismissal, then went on to collect the ball in his follow-through and made a strong throw towards the striker’s end stumps. However, the ball went on to hit Madsen who did not look much pleased with Brathwaite’s actions.The Bear’s skipper apologized immediately, but the on-field umpires after having a discussion decided to hand the Bears five penalty runs.Not ideal for Carlos Brathwaite 😬A 5-run penalty was given against the Bears after this incident…#Blast22 pic.twitter.com/pXZLGcEGYa— Vitality Blast (@VitalityBlast) June 19, 2022 Talking about the match, skipper Brathwaite won the toss and opted to have a bat first. The Bears did not have a great start with the bat as their top three batters could not cross the double-figure mark. However, Sam Hain (73 runs) and some decent contributions from Adam Hose (20 runs), Chris Benjamin (13 runs), and Brathwaite (18 runs) ensured that the batting side reaches 159 runs in their allotted 20 overs.For Derbyshire, Samuel Conners scalped three wickets as the rest of the bowlers also chipped in with some wickets. In reply, skipper Shan Masood (45 runs) and Luis Reece (38 runs) gave a flying start to Derbyshire as they crossed the 50-run mark within the field restrictions.After the fall of Reece, Madsen (55 runs) ensured that his team do not face any troubles in the chase. For Bears, skipper Brathwaite and pacer Olly Stone scalped one wicket each. Apart from them, none of the other bowlers managed to take a wicket for their side. With this victory, Derbyshire have reached the fourth spot in the points table with six wins in ten matches. Meanwhile, Bears are placed one place above them.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.