Jr. Staff Writer View : 2.8K3 Min ReadUpdated - Sep 27, 2022, 14:46 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onSaint Lucia Kings and Jamaica Tallawahs will square off in the Eliminator match of the Caribbean Premier League. The losing team will be eliminated from the competition, and the winning side will move on to Qualifier 2. With four victories out of ten, Saint Lucia Kings ended the league stage in third place with nine points. In their final league game, they were supposed to play the Jamaica Tallawahs, but the weather ruined that plan.The competition has so far been comparable for the Jamaica Tallawahs. Additionally, they won four of their ten games, lost five, and had one game abandoned due to weather. They placed fourth in the standings, behind the Kings. In terms of recent performance, the Kings are superior to the Tallawahs. To compete against the Kings in the Eliminator, the Tallawahs must make sure they are at their best.Venue: Providence Stadium, GuyanaDate & Time: September 28, 04:30 AM ISTWhere to Watch: FanCodeIn Guyana, a high-scoring match is to be anticipated. Like in the previous game, the pacers could be able to gain some traction on this surface. Those that batted first have won four games, compared to teams that bowled first, who have won two. The captain who wins the toss will therefore look to bat first, taking the situation into account.Saint Lucia Kings:Johnson Charles/Mark Deyal, Faf du Plessis (c), Niroshan Dickwella (wk), Adam Hose, Roston Chase, Ackeem Auguste, David Wiese, Roshon Primus, Alzarri Joseph, Matthew Forde, Jeavor Royal.Jamaica Tallawahs: Kennar Lewis (wk), Brandon King, Kirk McKenzie, Rovman Powell (c), Mohammad Nabi, Raymon Reifer, Fabian Allen, Imad Wasim, Chris Green, Migael Pretorius, Mohammad AmirJohnson Charles, in just eight games so far, has managed to score 342 runs in the tournament, and is currently the leading run-scorer in the Caribbean Premier League 2022. He already has four half-centuries to his name and will be the batter to watch out for.The leading wicket-taker of the tournament, Alzarri Joseph has picked up 16 wickets in the nine innings of the ten games he has played in. He also picked up a four-wicket haul in the tournament, which is his best performance so far this season. He’ll be the bowler to look out for.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.