Author View : 2.1K5 Min ReadUpdated - Aug 28, 2022, 17:59 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onBarbados Royals (BR) are set to face Trinbago Knight Riders (TKR) in the Semi-Final two clash of The 6ixty Men 2022 tournament at Warner Park in Basseterre, St Kitt on Sunday. Barbados Royals beat Guyana by two wickets and secured the top-four finish with four points in four matches. Guyana scored 108 runs while batting first with Ramon Simmonds taking two wickets while conceding just nine runs. But Barbados batters managed to reach this big target with 10 balls remaining with Kyle Mayers scoring 30 runs off 16 balls and Corbin Bosch smashing unbeaten 26 runs off 11 balls.Trinbago Knight Riders beat SKN by just three runs and finished the group stage round in the third position with four points in three matches. Andre Russell smashed 72 runs off 24 balls to put 155 runs on the scoreboard and then Anderson Phillip took three wickets to earn a narrow but important win.Venue: Warner Park, Basseterre, St KittsDate & Time: 28th August at 10:00 PM IST and 05:30 PM Local TimeLive Streaming: FanCodeThe pitch at Warner Park is proving to be a heaven for the big hitters in this new sixty-ball format. Trinbago managed to score 155 runs in the last match and their opponents also crossed the 150-run mark easily. We can expect another high-scoring clash between two in-form sides.(will be added when there is an update)Rakeem Cornwall, Kyle Mayers (c), Corbin Bosch, Harry Tector, Teddy Bishop, Devon Thomas (wk), Justin Greaves, Obed McCoy, Hayden Walsh, Ramon Simmons, Oshane Thomas.Tim Seifert (wk), Tion Webster, Andre Russell, Terrance Hinds, Seekkuge Prasanna, Akeal Hosein, Leonardo Julien, K Pierre, Anderson Phillip, Ravi Rampaul (c), Jayden Seales.The experienced batting all-rounder scored 30 runs off 16 balls in the last match against the Guyana side. The player has been inconsistent with his bat but smashed a century against Kiwis in the last ODI match and showed some glimpse of his return to form in the last match.The star Caribbean batter played an explosive 72 runs off 24 balls knock in the last match to put 155 runs on the scoreboard. He scored 12 and 14-run unbeaten knocks in the first two matches and will be a good captaincy choice on Sunday.The in-form all-rounder scored 26 runs and took a wicket in the last match. He is leading the both scoring and wickets charts with 101 runs and three wickets for Barbados Royals this season.Anderson bowled a match-winning spell against SKN in the last match with three wickets while conceding just 17 runs. He also took a wicket while conceding 15 runs in the opening match.The 20-year-old left-arm pacer took two wickets while conceding just nine runs against the Guyana side in the last match. He has taken nine wickets in the last five overall matches.Kiwi wicketkeeper batter smashed 22 runs off 13 balls in the last match and is a clear wicketkeeping pick ahead of Devon Thomas in this match.Devon Thomas, Tim Seifert, Kyle Mayers, Harry Tector, Tion Webster, Andre Russell (c), Corbin Bosch (vc), Akeal Hosein, Ravi Rampaul, Anderson Phillip, Ramon Simmonds.Tim Seifert (c), Rakeem Cornwall, Harry Tector (vc), Terrance Hinds, Tion Webster, Andre Russell, Corbin Bosch, Ravi Rampaul, Oshane Thomas, Anderson Phillip, Ramon Simmonds.The star West Indies all-rounder smashed 105 runs against New Zealand in the last ODI match and scored 30 runs off 16 balls against Guyana but these were only two thirty-plus knocks in the last five matches for Mayers.The 29-year-old opening batters smashed 21 runs off just eight balls in the last match after scoring 25 runs off just eight balls against Jamaica in the second match. But he has taken just a wicket in three matches so far and will be a risky captaincy choice on Sunday.The experienced West Indies pinner has taken only a wicket in three matches this season which came against tonight’s opponent in the opening match.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.