Jr. Staff Writer View : 12.8K4 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 23, 2022, 11:43 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIPL mini-auction is not far away and the franchises have parted ways with some players who were not up to the expectations. This time, some franchises have showed no mercy towards their past top-notch performers also by snubbing them from their squads for 2023. These names after missing the retention list will go under the hammer on December 23, 2022, in Kochi.These influential figures now may not be very useful for their former franchises but in the next month’s auction, other teams could get tempted to get them in their squads after looking at their reputation and fine figures in international T20Is. For IPL 2023, the four-time IPL champions CSK have released some well-known names who have done well for them and also have the potential to deliver performances with their brilliance. Looking at their incredible past record in the league and international cricket, no one can doubt their ability.Adam Milne was bought by Chennai Super Kings (CSK) for INR 1.90 crore in the 2022 auction and he featured in the playing XI for just one game and bowled only 15 deliveries before suffering a hamstring injury to get ruled out of the whole tournament. After failing to get his services completely in the last season, he couldn’t make it in CSK’s scheme of things as the franchise decided to release him.In the auction, the franchises could show interest in him as the New Zealand cricketer can bowl between 140 km/h and 150 km/h consistently. With his impressive speed, he could find a place in Punjab Kings (PBKS) to assist Kagiso Rabada, Arshdeep Singh, and Rahul Chahar. While in Gujarat Titans also, he can be an important face in the pace attack with Mohammed Shami and Hardik Pandya.In international cricket, he was a part of the New Zealand cricket team in the T20 World Cup 2022. With the presence of other top-notch bowlers Tim Southee, Trent Boult, and Lockie Ferguson, he couldn’t play any matches in the tournament, but after looking at his potential it can be said that the Kiwi bowler is able to wreck any order with his sheer pace. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.