Jr. Staff Writer View : 1.2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 02, 2022, 16:07 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onNew York Strikers will face Team Abu Dhabi in the last group stage game of the Abu Dhabi T10 League 2022 on Friday (December 2) at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi. The Strikers have been the most successful team this season and have won their last five matches. They are currently placed in the first position in the points table. On the other hand, Team Abu Dhabi are the second-placed team in the points tally and have won four out of six matches. They are on a four-match winning streak. Both teams will be looking to continue their streak and walk into the playoffs confidently.Rario is the official Cricket Player Cards platform of the ongoing ADT10 tournament, and the marketplace has a host of player cards live for users to purchase. A purchase means you get ownership of your particular card, and you can use the same in other tournaments. To participate in the D3 Cricket Strategy Games, a user must have three cards with them, including a batter, bowler, and all-rounder/wicketkeeper. You also need to have at least a card of one player each from both teams.Azam Khan, the wicketkeeper-batter, has been one of the top performers for the New York Strikers. He has made 171 runs in six matches at an average of 42.75 and a strike rate of 172.72.Eoin Morgan is the leading run-scorer for the Strikers this season and is one of the top Rario D3 prediction today picks for this game. The former English captain has made 190 runs in six innings at a strike rate of 190.Andrew Tye is the highest wicket-taker this season. He has taken ten wickets in six matches at an average of 11.Kieron Pollard, the former West Indies captain, has shown in the tournament that he still has a lot left in his tank. He has made 72 runs in five innings at a strike rate of 232.25.Chris Lynn is the tournament's leading run-scorer for Team Abu Dhabi and scored 157 runs at a strike rate of 153.92. He is one of the top Rario D3 predictions today picks.Naveen-ul-Haq, the 23-year-old Afghani pacer, has a lot of experience, which he has used in this tournament. He has been one of the top three bowlers for Team Abu Dhabi and has taken seven wickets at an average of 13.85.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.