Author View : 1.4K2 Min ReadUpdated - Oct 07, 2022, 08:54 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onTeam India left for Australia on Thursday, October 6 to participate in the upcoming T20 World Cup 2022. However, they have their task cut out after two of their star players Ravindra Jadeja and Jasprit Bumrah have been ruled out of the tournament due to injuries. While the absence of Jadeja and Bumrah have put the Indian team in a spot of bother, former head coach Ravi Shastri looks at this situation as a blessing in disguise and reckons that the Men in Blue have a huge opportunity to unearth a new champion in the upcoming tournament."[It's] unfortunate," Shastri said of Bumrah's injury at the launch of Coaching Beyond , his new initiative with Bharat Arun and R Sridhar, in Chennai as quoted by ESPN Cricinfo."There's so much cricket being played, and people get injured. He is injured, but it's an opportunity for somebody else. There is nothing you can do with injury”, he added."I think we have got enough strength and we have a good team. I have always believed if you make it to the semi-finals, it could be anyone's tournament. The endeavour would be to start well, get to the semis, and then you have got enough strength to probably win the [World] Cup, for all you know. Bumrah not being there, Jadeja not being there - it hampers the side - but it's an opportunity to unearth a new champion", the cricketer-turned-commentator further added.While a knee injury dented Ravindra Jadeja's chances of competing at the T20 World Cup, Bumrah could not make it to the marquee tournament due to a back injury. The same injury had forced him to miss the Asia Cup as well. While the premier pacer did undergo a successful rehab at the National Cricket Academy (NCA) in Bengaluru and played two T20Is against Australia a couple of weeks ago, he reportedly complained of a back pain ahead of the first T20I against South Africa and could not take any further part in the series.It now remains to be seen who will be named Bumrah's replacement. As of now, senior pacer Mohammed Shami along with Mohammed Siraj and bowling all-rounder Deepak Chahar are the potential candidates. Ahead of the blockbuster opening clash against arch-rivals Pakistan at the MCG on October 23,  India will be playing two warm-up fixtures against the title-holders Australia and last edition's finalists New Zealand on the 17th and 19th October respectively. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.