Jr. Staff Writer View : 1.9K2 Min ReadUpdated - Sep 30, 2022, 10:12 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onTeam  India all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja and commentator Sanjay Manjrekar were involved in a light conversation on the social media platform Twitter. While the conversation was initiated by Jadeja, Manjrekar came up with a perfect reply for the star all-rounder.At present, Jadeja is out of action due to a knee injury and the left-handed batter is also set to miss the upcoming 2022 T20 World Cup slated to be played in Australia.  Jadeja also underwent successful knee surgery and is expected to start his rehab soon and make a comeback to the Indian team. Jadeja posted a picture that seemed to be clicked from a TV screen where Manjrekar was doing a presentation ceremony post LLC match. He captioned the picture, “Watching my dear friend on screen @sanjaymanjrekar”Sanjay Manjrekar also came up with a sweet reply writing, "Ha ha… and your dear friend looking forward to seeing you on the field soon."Ha ha… and your dear friend looking forward to seeing you on the field soon :) https://t.co/eMpZyZYsYUBoth Jadeja and Manjrekar have had a controversial history since the 2019 World Cup when Manjrekar had termed Jadeja as a ‘bits and pieces cricketer’. The left-handed batter did not take the comment lightly and lashed out at Manjrekar with a tweet, “Still I have played twice the number of matches you have played and I am still playing. Learn to respect people who have achieved. I have heard enough of your verbal diarrhea.”However, Manjrekar had to take his words back after Jadeja’s excellent performance against New Zealand in the semi-final, which India lost by a close margin, Manjrekar had said “By bits and pieces of sheer brilliance, he’s ripped me apart on all fronts."Both Jadeja and Manjrekar were recently involved in a conversation during the 2022 T20 Asia Cup where Manjrekar asked Jadeja, on air, if he was okay to talk to him for broadcasters Star Sports. To which Jadeja had replied, “Absolutely, I don’t have any problem.” © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.