Author View : 9962 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 22, 2022, 12:15 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onEngland batter Laurie Evans has tested positive from a sample sent for an anti-doping test during the second edition of The Hundred in August-September 2022. Now, Big Bash League side Perth Scorchers have officially announced that they have terminated the player’s contract with immediate effect.Evans was instrumental for the Scorchers in the summit clash of the BBL 2021-22 where he scored an unbeaten 76 off just 41 against the Sydney Sixers to clinch the title. However, the star Englishman will now be excluded from the side ahead of the forthcoming season.Club Statement: The Perth Scorchers are disappointed to learn of Laurie Evans’ positive anti-doping test result relating to a sample provided in August 2022. Read more 👉 https://t.co/MnramVJliE pic.twitter.com/Gweas1VSxO

"The club is disappointed to learn of Evans’ positive anti-doping test result relating to a sample provided in August 2022. Due to the circumstances the Scorchers, and Laurie and his management have decided to mutually terminate his contract for the 2022-23 KFC Big Bash League season. The club will explore its options to source a replacement player for the tournament,” club officials confirmed.The Englishman will face a four-year ban following testing positive in the dope test. The player, however, has denied any wrongdoings and stated that he was baffled by the result."I was shocked to be told that an anti-doping sample I provided in August 2022 tested positive for trace amounts of a banned substance. I believe passionately in clean sport and I have never taken any banned substances. I do not know what caused the positive test but my team and I are investigating how this could have happened and I am doing everything possible to find out,” said Evans in a statement released via the Professional Cricketers' Association, the players' union for English cricketers.With the exclusion of the Englishman, Perth will now look to replace the player with the services of another overseas batter ahead of the competition. The Scorchers play their opening match in a recap of the last year’s final against Sydney Sixers on December 17.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.