Jr. Staff Writer View : 5142 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 05, 2022, 16:03 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onFormer Indian opener Aakash Chopra felt that all-rounder Washington Sundar was underused in the first ODI against Bangladesh despite his good spell. The men in blue suffered a rare defeat at the hands of Bangladesh with the final wicket partnership between Mehidy Hasan and Mustafizur Rahman taking the hosts over the line in a low-scoring thriller.  India went in with six bowling options for the game and they had the luxury to try different bowlers in various stages. However, Rohit was reluctant to go to the off-spinner despite him conceding just 17 runs in his five overs even when the debutant Kuldeep Sen travelled for a few. Sundar had also picked up the key scalps of Litton Das and Shakib al Hasan in the game to add spice to the debate.Chopra felt that Sundar could have easily finished his full quota and wondered why he wasn’t given the ball despite being impressive. He further opined that Sundar could have been tried out during the tenth-wicket partnership for Bangladesh which had taken the game away from India.“Washington Sundar, that’s a big question. He conceded just 17 runs, and picked up 2 wickets and I’m asking this question why didn’t he bowl all his overs? He could have bowled at least 7-8 overs because he got rid of a right-hander as well. He could have bowled a few overs when the 51-run stand between Mehidy Hasan and Mustafizur was building up.  Just dangle the carrot and see what happens,” Chopra told on his Youtube Channel. The 45-year-old felt that the six bowling options could have been used more wisely and heaped praises on the outstanding spell from Mohammed Siraj.  “The bowler was having a great day, but he didn’t get to bowl his full quota of overs. When you have 6 bowlers, you don’t know how to use them. Siraj was brilliant. He bowled really well, 3 wickets for 32 runs. There was the sideway moment. The seamers bowled well but they lacked the knockout punch towards the end,” he added. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.