Author View : 1.6K3 Min ReadUpdated - Sep 29, 2022, 11:39 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onFor the first time in 12 years, the teams in the Big Bash will be able to use the Decision Review System (DRS). Two other massive development took place at the same time as the Bash Boost Point and X-factor have been scrapped.Even though the authorities wanted to introduce DRS since a long time, the plan kept on changing. The 11th edition of the competition was close to having the system for the first time but the plan was scrapped for the Covid-19 pandemic. As per the new developments, the teams will have one unsuccessful review per innings and the bowling team or the batters will have 15 seconds to challenge the decision of the umpire. As per the standard practice, the team will be able to retain their review in case of an ‘umpires call’.Even though the men will enjoy DRS in every match of the season, it will only be available for 24 out of 59 matches for the women's tournament. Further, according to an ESPNcricinfo report, the broadcasters (Channel seven) will not be producing all the WBBL while the remaining games will be broadcasted online. However, Cricket Australia have assured the fans to broadcast all the WBBL matches and have DRS from the 2024-25 season.The management also introduced other noteworthy changes as all the teams will now have to finish their 20 overs within 79 minutes, minus some allowance. In case the team fails to abide by the rule, a penalty of fielding just four players outside the 30-yard circle for the remaining overs shall be incurred.The Women’s Big Bash will see the use of Power Surge for the very first time. As per that, all the teams will get four overs of the powerplay at the beginning of the innings while the batters can choose the next two overs of the powerplay at any time between the 11th to 20th over. In such a situation, the bowling team can field only two players outside the 30-yeard circle."The league is delighted to introduce DRS to every BBL game and the 24 simulcast Weber WBBL games, in line with the very best cricket competitions in the world," Big Bash Leagues General Manager Alistair Dobson said."Implementing DRS has been a challenging task for the BBL, which is the most logistically complex T20 league in the world. That, plus the impact of the pandemic on travel and movement, has meant the technology has not been possible to introduce until this season."Additionally, the league is pleased with the outcomes of the wider Playing Conditions review process, with the introduction of the Power Surge to WBBL and the BBL innings clock both major wins for fans. We retain a clear desire to innovate and drive our leagues forward but are also willing to review decisions that have not realised the intended positive impact, such as the Bash Boost point and X-Factor substitution."The WBBL season opener will take place on the 13th of October when Brisbane Heat challenge the Sydney Sixers at Mackay.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.