Jr. Staff Writer View : 1.5K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 19, 2022, 12:20 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIt's time to rejoice for cricket fans in the county as they will be able to relive India's glorious T20 World Cup triumph in 2007 via a documentary series. Team India's historic T20 World Cup win in South Africa will be made into a documentary series, featuring 15 Indian cricketers. The news was confirmed by trade analyst and film critic Taran Adarsh via his official Twitter handle.A young Indian team led by MS Dhoni reached unprecedented heights by claiming the inaugural edition of the T20 World Cup in South Africa. The Men in Blue went into the tournament with very few expectations following the embarrassing exit from the 50-over World Cup earlier that year. However, Dhoni's men came out with flying colors, defeating bitter-rivals Pakistan in the summit clash.Taran Adarsh revealed the news on the micro-blogging platform, saying that the documentary series is set to be released in 2023. Although the title has not been confirmed for the project, two-thirds of the shooting has already been done. He also revealed that the series is backed by UK-based producers 'One One Six Network', headed by Gaurav Bahirvani."WEB SERIES ON 2007 T20 CRICKET WORLD CUP. A multi-language documentary web series on the 2007 T20 Cricket World Cup - not titled yet - is officially announced. Featuring 15 Indian cricketers, it is set to release in 2023. Over two-thirds of the shoot is complete," his tweet read.WEB SERIES ON 2007 T20 CRICKET WORLD CUP… A multi-language documentary web series on 2007 T20 Cricket World Cup - not titled yet - is officially announced… Featuring 15 #Indian cricketers, it is set to release in 2023… Over two-thirds of the shoot is complete. pic.twitter.com/DnF6F2JI5Y

The series is being directed by Anand Kumar, known for his work in 'Delhii Heights'. The writing has been formulated by Saurabh M Pandey, renowned for his exceptional work in 'The Kashmir Files' and 'The Tashkent Files'.The story will shed light on the unprecedented journey of a young free-spirited Indian side that overcame all odds to hand the country a reason to smile during a dark phase in Indian cricket. Apart from the cricketers, an A-list actor is also set to be part of the upcoming series.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.