Author View : 1.1K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 04, 2022, 09:35 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIn response to the India-Pakistan dispute about visiting each other's countries for the Asia Cup and World Cup, Pakistani pacer Mohammad Irfan voiced his opinion that both nations must visit each other to compete and that players should avoid getting involved in politics.Additionally, the left-arm pacer for Northern Warriors in the T10 league said that players should stay out of politics and that they should not be intrigued by rumors about the situation. While speaking on the ongoing tussle between the two boards, Irfan slammed both PCB and BCCI. He also urged the BCCI to let India visit Pakistan for the Aisa Cup, and urged PCB to let Pakistan travel to India for the ODI World Cup 2023.“I have said it before too. Players should be kept away from politics. Pakistan should go to India & India should come to Pakistan to play. It increases love between people from both countries. Cricket should be separate from politics. Don't go with statements that Pakistan won't come to India, let the Board decide it,” the pacer was quoted as saying by Hindustan Times.ACC President and BCCI Secretary Jay Shah had previously stated that the Asia Cup will be held at a neutral site and that the Indian team will not be traveling to Pakistan to compete. In retaliation, PCB threatened to withdraw from the ODI World Cup if BCCI persisted in keeping its word. Pakistan has no problem with India pulling out of the Asia Cup, the PCB president stated on Friday, but the country may boycott the competition if the ACC changes the venue.“It's not as if we don't have hosting rights and we're pleading to host it. We won the rights fair and square. If India doesn't come, they won't come. If the Asia Cup gets taken away from Pakistan, maybe we're the ones that pull out. Why give it to us in the first place and then make all those statements about India not traveling to Pakistan? I accept that India won't come because the government won't allow them to come - fine. But to take the Asia Cup away from the host on that basis isn't right,” PCB Chief Ramiz Raja had said on the sidelines of the ongoing Pakistan-England Test in Rawalpindi on Friday.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.