Author View : 2.1K3 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 03, 2022, 19:15 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onTeam Abu Dhabi will lock horns with Deccan Gladiators in the Eliminator of the ongoing Abu Dhabi T10 League 2022 on Saturday, November 3 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi. The winner of the match will qualify for Qualifier 2 and will face either of New York Strikers or Morrisville Samp Army.The Chris Lynn-led Team Abu Dhabi finished third in the league stage after losing to New York Strikers in their last league match. Their batting completely misfired in the last match and that is something they cannot afford to do in the do-or-die game.Gladiators, on the other hand, have had a mixed season so far. They conceded 126 runs in 10 overs in their last match against Morrisville Samp Army and thus, there’s a lot of room for improvement. Tom Kohler-Cadmore played a scintillating innings (41 off 26 deliveries) but failed to get Gladiators over the line. However, the team will be full of confidence about their chances as the Nicholas Pooran-led side has already defeated Team Abu Dhabi earlier in the tournament. Skipper Pooran was ruthless in that game as he smashed 77* off 33 balls to win the match for his side by 35 runs.Team Abu Dhabi vs Deccan Gladiators, Eliminator, Abu Dhabi T10 League 2022Venue: Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu DhabiDate and Time: December 3, 7:45 PM ISTTelecast & Live Streaming Details: Sports18, Jio CinemaThe surface at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium has favoured the batters and they have enjoyed their time in the middle throughout the course of the event. The ball comes really well onto the bat and anything over 120 could turn out to be a good score batting first. Chris Lynn (c), Alex Hales, James Vince, Brandon King, Kamran Atta (wk), Alishan Sharafu, Andrew Tye, Peter Hatzoglou, David Payne, Adil Rashid, Naveen-ul-HaqTom Kohler-Cadmore, Nicholas Pooran (w/c), Will Smeed, Andre Russell, Suresh Raina, David Wiese, Adeel Malik, Odean Smith, Zahoor Khan, Mohammad Hasnain, Joshua LittleEnglish batter Tom Kohler-Cadmore has been sensational in the tournament. Along with skipper Nicholas Pooran, the two have wreaked havoc in the tournament. Tom has scored the most runs in the tournament (258) in seven matches at a mind-boggling average of 89.00, including a jaw-dropping strike rate of 209.75.The Aussie pacer Andrew Tye has set the tournament on fire! Despite the format being completely batting-friendly, Tye proved to be a tough bowler to deal with. In seven matches so far in the tournament, the 35-year-old picked up ten wickets. He currently is the second-highest wicket-taker of the tournament.Also Check: Dream11 Team Prediction for TAD vs DGDisclaimer: This prediction is based on the understanding, analysis, and instinct of the author. While making your prediction, consider the points mentioned, and make your own decision.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.