Author View : 5.3K5 Min ReadUpdated - Aug 29, 2022, 24:57 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onTrent Rockets Women (TRT-W) will be facing the struggling side Welsh Fire Women (WEF-W) in the 21st match of The Hundred Women 2022 at Trent Bridge in Nottingham on Monday. Trent Rockets lost against Southern Brave in their last game by 10 wickets and are now placed in the fourth position with four points from the opening five matches. The Rockets scored 88 runs while batting first with Elyse Villani scoring the highest 25 runs off 25 balls. But the bowlers failed to take any wickets as the Brave reached the target with 10 wickets and 44 balls remaining.Welsh Fire ended their poor form and registered their first win of the season with an 11-run win against Northern Superchargers in the last match. They scored 123 runs while batting first with Sarah Bryce scoring 36 runs off 30 balls and Annabel Sutherland scoring an unbeaten 31 runs off 22 balls. Then Nicola Carey took three wickets to restrict the Superchargers to just 112 runs.Venue: Trent Bridge, NottinghamDate & Time: 29th August at 08:00 PM IST and 03:30 PM Local TimeLive Streaming: FanCodeThe pitch at Trent Bridge is well balanced for both batters and bowlers in white-ball cricket. In the Hundred women’s matches, the team has never failed to cross the 100-run mark with an average first innings score being 127 runs.(will be added when there is an update)Bryony Smith, Elyse Villani, Marie Kelly, Natalie Sciver (c), Mignon du Preez, Alana King, Katherine Brunt, Abbey Freeborn (wk), Sarah Glenn, Kathryn Bryce, Georgia Davis.Tammy Beaumont (c), Sarah Bryce (wk), Rachael Haynes, Annabell Sutherland, Fran Wilson, Nicola Carey, Katie George, Lauren Filer, Claire Nicholas, Alex Hartley, Hannah L Baker.The in-form skipper continues her red-hot form with sensational performances for the Rockets this season. She is leading the scoring charts with 151 runs and three wickets in just four matches.The 23-year-old leggie ranks third in the ICC T20 Bowlers chart and has taken five wickets in five matches in the Hundred 2022 tournament so far.The star English opening batter has been sensational for Welsh Fire this season. Beaumont is leading the scoring charts with 122 runs in five matches and will be a very good captaincy choice on Monday.The right-arm pacer has taken four wickets and scored 49 runs in just three matches this season. She scored 28 runs off just 21 balls against London Spirit and 19 runs against the Superchargers in the last match.Sarah Bryce, Tammy Beaumont (vc), Elyse Villani, Rachael Haynes, Natalie Sciver (c), Bryony Smith, Annabel Sutherland, Alana King, Nicola Carey, Sarah Glenn, Claire Nicholas.  Sarah Bryce, Abigail Freeborn, Tammy Beaumont, Elyse Villani, Marie Kelly, Natalie Sciver, Bryony Smith (c), Annabel Sutherland (vc), Alana King, Nicola Carey, Claire Nicholas.The 26-year-old batter is going through a tough patch with just 32 runs in five matches this season. She didn’t get a chance to bat in the last match and can be a risky captaincy choice on Monday.The experienced Australian batter is struggling for big knocks despite getting a good start. She has scored 29 runs in three matches at a strike rate of 120.83 so far.The veteran South African batter has scored only 35 runs in five Hundred matches for the Rockets this season.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.