Editor View : 1.4K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 02, 2022, 14:24 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onFormer West Indies cricketer Dwayne Bravo has called time on his Indian Premier League (IPL) career after featuring in the tournament for 15 long years. He was released by the Chennai Super Kings (CSK) last month ahead of the auction and many were left surprised to see him not register his name for the auction. Meanwhile, Bravo himself has confirmed that the time has come to move on.He has been appointed as the bowling coach of CSK for IPL 2023 with the current bowling coach Laxmipathy Balaji taking a break for a year. Speaking about the same, Bravo stated that he is looking forward to take up the new role with his former franchise and is grateful that he ends his career as the highest wicket-taker in the history of IPL."I’m looking forward to this new journey because it’s something I see myself doing after my playing days is fully over. I enjoy working with bowlers and it’s a role I’m excited about. From player to coach, I don’t think I have to adjust much because while I’m playing, I always work with bowlers and try to come up with plans and ideas on how to have that one step ahead of the batsmen. The only difference is I will no longer be standing at mid-on or mid-off!"I never thought I would be the leading wicket taker in the history of IPL. But I’m just happy to be a part of IPL history!" he said.CSK CEO Kasi Viswanathan congratulated Dwayne Bravo for being one of the best bowlers in the IPL and also welcomed him to the support staff of the team. He also seemed confident of CSK bowlers improving under the Caribbean cricketer's guidance."Congratulations to Dwayne Bravo on a tremendous career in the IPL. He has been a crucial member of the Super Kings family for more than a decade and we are excited to continue the association. Bravo's vast experience will be of immense value to our players and support staff. We are confident that our bowling group will thrive under his guidance," Kasi said.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.