Author View : 3K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 02, 2022, 10:58 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe Indian Premier League is never short of thrilling action and drama, however, the Board of Cricket Control in India (BCCI) is set to add another layer to the mayhem by introducing an ‘Impact player’ for every team. The provision was recently put into effect by the BCCI in Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.The governing council members of the IPL deliberated the introduction of the Impact Player concept via a virtual meeting on Thursday. The provision, which resembles a player substitute in Football, received positive feedback from the coaches and players of the domestic circuit. The BCCI informed the franchises about the introduction of the strategic concept to the cash-rich league via a note on Thursday. "Note that from IPL 2023 Season a tactical/strategic concept will be introduced to add a new dimension to IPL, wherein one substitute player per team will be able to take a more active part in an IPL match. The regulations pertaining to the same will be issued shortly," BCCI said in its note to the franchises.According to the provision, the teams will have to name four substitutes or Impact players apart from the starting XI at the time of the toss. Only one of the four substitutes can be used during the match. The player can replace any member of the initial XI at any point before the end of the 14th over of either innings and will be able to bat and bowl his full quota of overs. However, it is worth noting that the provision will not come into effect when the game is reduced to less than ten overs per side.The 'Impact Player' concept is deemed a game changer, and it was put forward by the BCCI earlier this year. The recently concluded Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy became the first tournament to implement the tactical maneuver, with Delhi all-rounder Hrithik Shokeen being the first such player to be subbed in during a match against Manipur in a league match in Jaipur in October. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.