Jr. Staff Writer View : 6453 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 05, 2022, 20:21 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe Deccan Gladiators successfully retained their Abu Dhabi T10 crown with an emphatic 37-run victory over the New York Strikers in the summit clash at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium on Sunday, December 4. By the virtue of this win, the Gladiators also became the first-ever team to defend the Abu Dhabi T10 title in its six-year history.Meanwhile, the Abu Dhabi T10 League 2022 also marked the debut of veteran India middle-order batter Suresh Raina who was one of the integral members of the winners Deccan Gladiators. The just-concluded competition also witnessed many brilliant performances. Without further ado, here’s a look at the best XI of the tournament.Tom Kohler-Cadmore was one of the backbones of the Deccan Gladiators’ Abu Dhabi T10 League triumph this season as he showcased consistent performances with the bat throughout. He scored 289 runs from 10 matches and finished as the second-highest run-getter of the tournament.The Caribbean power-hitting duo of Nicholas Pooran and Rovman Powell also deserve a special mention on this elite list. Pooran not only led the Deccan Gladiators from the front but also made his bat do the talking exceptionally well. The southpaw was adjudged the Player of the Tournament for finishing with 345 runs in 10 games at an outstanding strike rate of 234.69.Rovman Powell, on the other hand, led the Northern Warriors this season and smashed five fours and 22 maximums to finish as the seventh-highest run-getter having amassed 196 runs in seven games.Eoin Morgan might have bid adieu to international cricket, but the 2019 World Cup-winning skipper has proved that he has some cricket still left in him as he amassed 219 runs from nine innings at an excellent strike rate of 172.22 representing the New York Strikers.Tim David, who has already established himself as a valuable asset for the Mumbai Indians and Australia in the shortest format, finished as the third-highest run-getter in this competition scoring 221 runs in seven outings having represented the Delhi Bulls.Caribbean all-rounder  Kieron Pollard's team New York Strikers faltered at the final hurdle, but as far as his individual performances are concerned, Pollard performed consistently throughout the tournament, scoring 101 runs at a strike rate of 198.03 and registering three scalps from nine matches.Namibian all-rounder David Wiese was also instrumental in Deccan Gladiators' success with his all-round performances. He picked five wickets and scored 74 runs at a strike rate of 176.19.Proteas pacer Dwaine Pretorius had an outstanding season on an individual note as he registered 12 scalps to his name from 10 matches representing the Morrisville Samp Army to finish as the highest wicket-taker of the competition.Caribbean spinner Akeal Hosein enjoyed an excellent outing for the New York Strikers has he bowled incredibly well in the Powerplay overs and kept the opposition teams’ run-flow in check to finish with 10 scalps from eight outings at an economy rate of 6.2.Australian yorker specialist Andrew Tye was one of the best performers in the sixth edition of the Abu Dhabi T10 League. Tye finished with 11 scalps to his name with best figures being 3/17 representing Team Abu Dhabi. Naveen-ul-Haq, who also represented Team Abu Dhabi this season, was equally effective, picking up 10 wickets in eight games.Abu Dhabi T10 League 2022 Best XI: Tom Kohler-Cadmore, Nicholas Pooran, Tim David, Eoin Morgan, Rovman Powell, Kieron Pollard, David Wiese, Dwaine Pretorius, Andrew Tye, Akeal Hosein and Naveen-ul-Haq© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.