Author View : 3.4K3 Min ReadUpdated - Jan 29, 2022, 12:51 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onLeft-arm pacer Jaydev Unadkat was good enough to make his international at the age of 19 in Test cricket in South Africa. But then he has only represented the country in 7 ODIs and 10 T20Is and hasn’t been selected in the Test side. Unadkat also bowled exceptionally well in the previous Ranji Trophy season picking a whopping 67 wickets. And then, COVID-19 struck which halted the prestigious red-ball tournament completely.Ranji Trophy hasn’t happened since the pandemic started. BCCI had scheduled for the tournament to commence on January 13 this year but the third wave led to its postponement as well. However, the board is once again planning to make sure red-ball domestic cricket returns in India. But these 24 months haven’t been easy for players like Jaydev Unadkat who have been waiting for some cricket to happen.While speaking to ESPNCricinfo, he explained the situation and also revealed that India off-spinner Ravi Ashwin messaged him during the team’s last Australia tour when literally every player including the travelling reserves got a chance to play in the four-match Test series. Ashwin, in his message, sympathized with Jaydev Unadkat but also told him to stick to his basics and keep performing.“On January 2, last year Ashwin bhai [R Ashwin] texted me during the last Australia tour, where nearly every member of the squad, including the reserve bowlers, got a chance to play the four-Test series [because of injuries]. He said: “I feel for you and the way you have performed in the last [Ranji] season. But be right where you are in terms of your game and your mindset. Your time will come,” Unadkat said.Jaydev Unadkat hasn’t made it to India’s Test team since 2010 but his impressive performances in limited-overs cricket, certainly earned him a call up to T20I and ODI teams. He was part of India’s squad that won the Nidahas Trophy in 2018 but has gone down the pecking order yet again. The 30-year-old is not thinking much about the India call-up but wants to prove his mettle with performances in domestic cricket, especially in Ranji Trophy.“The last time I was in the Indian dressing room was during the 2018 Nidahas Trophy. The last time I went on tour with India A was in 2016. I’m not losing sleep thinking about the next India call-up, but I am holding my breath about returning to play red-ball cricket. Please make it happen!” Unadkat added.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.