Author View : 1.3K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 02, 2022, 15:56 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe former India head coach Ravi Shastri has once again dismissed the reports of any rift between Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli. Shastri responded to Virat vs Rohit debate by saying that fans are stretching it for a time pass. He also clarified that everything is fine between star Indian batters and the rift between them is a trivial matter.Both Virat and Rohit enjoy a good relationship on and off the pitch but reports about the rift continue to emerge since the opener replaced Kohli as captain across all formats. Both players' fans are always engaged in a heated debate on the social media and it seems that the debate has no end at all. The former cricketer pointed out that there is good tuning between Virat and Rohit and said that he has no time for this debate."To hell with them. All of this is merely time pass for you guys. I don't have the time for this. Everything is fine. There's good tuning between them. Everything is first-class. There was a 100-run partnership in between but you guys are stretching it. Keep on doing it. All of this is a very trivial matter," Shastri told journalist Vimal Kumar in an interview on his YouTube channel.Both Virat and Rohit were rested for the recently concluded New Zealand tour but both batters return to the pitch as the Indian team prepares for the three-match ODI series against Bangladesh. While Rohit is struggling for consistency lately, Virat has been in excellent form for last few months.Virat scored the highest 296 runs from just six innings in the T20 World Cup 2022 with the help of four fifties. He smashed 82* against Pakistan in India's opening clash in the tournament and Shastri rates that innings as Virat's finest in T20 cricket so far. He also added that the world will judge the former captain but Virat will put in his best."I think in his career, that will be one of his finest T20 innings. No doubt about it, because the stage was that big. It was against Pakistan, the match was stuck for India, so to score runs there under pressure is a big thing. I don't need to say anything. The world has seen it, they will judge it and he will put it as one of his best," Shastri added.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.