Jr. Staff Writer View : 2.7K3 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 01, 2022, 12:45 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onNew Zealand Women will clash against Bangladesh Women in the first of three T20Is at the Hagley Oval on 2nd December, Friday. The visitors come into the limited-overs series after a disappointing Asia Cup that saw the defending champions exit the continental tournament earlier than expected. They will face a stern test against the Kiwis, who boast of an impeccable record at home.Meanwhile, Sophie Devine's New Zealand are heading into the three-match series after hammering West Indies 4-1 in September-October. The Commonwealth Games' Bronze medalists will hope for another clinical performance against the Asian side in the upcoming series before the commencement of the 50-over series on 11th December.Venue: Hagley Oval, ChristchurchDate and Time: December 2, 11:30 AM ISTTelecast & Live Streaming Details: Sony Sports network and Sony LivThe surface at the Hagley Oval is really good for batting and provides very little to the bowlers in terms of lateral movement. The shorter boundaries and fast outfield also help the batters at this venue. The only respite for the bowlers is the strong breeze that tends to flow in at the open ground. The team winning the toss is likely to bat first in hopes of setting a formidable score.New Zealand Women:Sophie Devine (c), Suzie Bates, Amelia Kerr, Georgia Plimmer, Maddy Green, Lauren Down, Isabella Gaze (wk), Hayley Jensen, Eden Carson, Fran Jonas, Jess KerrBangladesh Women:Murshida Khatun, Fargana Hoque, Nigar Sultana (c & wk), Ritu Moni, Fahima Khatun, Rumana Ahmed, Shohely Akhter, Salma Khatun, Jahanara Alam, Shanjida Akter, Sobhana MostaryProbable best batter: Suzie BatesNew Zealand's veteran opening batter Suzie Bates had a memorable WBBL tournament only to fall agonizingly short in the final against Adelaide Strikers. The elegant batter amassed 318 runs for the losing finalists in 14 innings and was their fourth leading run-scorer in the recently concluded tournament.Probable best bowler: Fran JonasYoung left-arm spinner Fran Jonas has been one of the finds for New Zealand cricket. The 18-year-old has scalped ten wickets in the shortest format of the game for the Kiwis in her nascent career at a miserly economy rate of 4.43. The series will provide her ample opportunity to further enhance her reputation on the international stage.Also Check: Dream11 Team Prediction for NZ-W vs BAN-W Disclaimer: This prediction is based on the understanding, analysis, and instinct of the author. While making your prediction, consider the points mentioned, and make your own decision.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.