Abu Dhabi T10 League, 2022 | 2 Dec 2022, Fri, 7:45 PM IST | Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu DhabiMatch Starts InDaysHrsMinsSecI Udana to C Karunaratne, Four, good length, on the middle stump Chamika Karunaratne plays the along the ground pull, of the backfoot to the square leg for four  I Udana to C Karunaratne, Six, excellent shot!! A sight to watch! full length outside off Chamika Karunaratne plays lofted cut, of the frontfoot over the mid off  I Udana to C Karunaratne, Four, full length, on the middle stump Dwaine Pretorius plays the along the ground flick, of the backfoot to the square leg for four  I Udana to Dwaine Pretorius, 2 wide, full toss, outside off, Dwaine Pretorius plays but ball was way too far and given wide by the umpire, but fails to act on ball.  End Of Over8Run Scored: 130 2 2 6 2 1Score After 8 OversMSA Innings - 103/5Dwaine Pretorius 17(7)Chamika Karunaratne 8(5)Abhimanyu Mithun2-0-27-0A Mithun to Dwaine Pretorius, 1 run, full length, on the middle stump, Dwaine Pretorius plays a push, of the backfoot to mid on for 1 run  A Mithun to Dwaine Pretorius, 2 runs, full toss, on the middle stump, Dwaine Pretorius plays drive, of the frontfoot to long off for 2 run  A Mithun to Dwaine Pretorius, Six, excellent shot!! A sight to watch! full toss on the middle stump Dwaine Pretorius plays lofted of the backfoot over the long off  A Mithun to Dwaine Pretorius, 2 runs, yorker, on the middle stump, Dwaine Pretorius plays flick, of the backfoot to mid wicket for 2 run  A Mithun to Dwaine Pretorius, 2 runs, good length, outside off, Dwaine Pretorius plays cut, of the frontfoot to mid off for 2 run  A Mithun to Dwaine Pretorius, no run, dot ball!! slower ball full length, outside off, Dwaine Pretorius plays cut, of the frontfoot to keeper, but fails to act on ball.  End Of Over7Run Scored: 8w 0 0 0 6 2Score After 7 OversMSA Innings - 90/5Dwaine Pretorius 4(1)Chamika Karunaratne 8(5)Gus Atkinson2-0-26-1AAP Atkinson to C Karunaratne, 2 runs, good length, outside off, Chamika Karunaratne plays drive, of the frontfoot to mid off for 2 run  AAP Atkinson to C Karunaratne, Six, excellent shot!! A sight to watch! full toss on the middle stump Chamika Karunaratne plays lofted flick, of the backfoot over the square leg  AAP Atkinson to C Karunaratne, no run, dot ball!! full length, outside off, Chamika Karunaratne plays drive, of the frontfoot to keeper, but fails to act on ball.  © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.