Jr. Staff Writer View : 4.1K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 23, 2022, 09:57 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIt has been reported that the in-form middle-order batter  Suryakumar Yadav could be included in the Indian squad for the upcoming Test series against Bangladesh. He is set to replace all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja who is still nursing a knee injury.According to the sources in the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), Yadav could be preferred in the Bangladesh Tests by the newly formed selection committee or the Indian team management owing to his consistent performances in the shortest format in the last couple of months.Earlier, former India head coach Ravi Shastri had advocated for Suryakumar Yadav’s inclusion in the Indian Test team by calling him a ‘three-format player’ who is capable of doing an outstanding job in red-ball cricket.“I think he is a three-format player. I know they don't talk about him for Test cricket. Let me tell you. This guy can play Test cricket and he can surprise a few. Send him there at No. 5 and let him stir it up,” said Shastri while speaking on Star Sports during the ICC T20 World Cup 2022.Meanwhile, the Mumbai cricketer also has a phenomenal red-ball record in domestic cricket having scored over 5,000 runs in First-Class cricket averaging 44.01. He has registered 14 centuries and 26 half-centuries to his name. Suryakumar was a part of India’s Test squads for the away series against England and the home series against New Zealand, but he is yet to be included in the playing XI and not yet officially made his debut in red-ball cricket.Meanwhile, the BCCI sources have informed that Ravindra Jadeja who underwent a knee surgery after being ruled out of the Asia Cup 2022 might not be a 100% fit during the Bangladesh Tests."Jadeja has been to NCA for his check-up and rehab on a number of occasion. However as of now, it is unlikely that he will be fit for the Bangladesh series. In any case, Chetan Sharma-led former selection committee had kept him in the squad subject to fitness,” the source said as quoted by Times Now.The Indian team is scheduled to play two Tests against Bangladesh. The first Test will be contested at Chittagong from December 14-18 while the final one will be played in Mirpur from 22-26.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.