Author View : 1.5K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 23, 2022, 19:28 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIndia recently concluded a three-match T20I series against hosts New Zealand and will now move to the 50-over format. Following the conclusion of the series against the Kiwis, the Men in Blue will travel to the neighbouring land of Bangladesh for a three-match ODI and a two-match Test series scheduled to be played next month in December.One of the players who were set to mark their return and join the squad ahead of the series was star all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja. However, as per multiple reports, the all-rounder will not be available for the forthcoming ODI series against the Bangla Tigers.The 33-year-old is currently undergoing rehabilitation after his knee surgery that kept him on the sidelines during the recently concluded T20 World Cup 2022 down under. However, it appears as though the star all-rounder is yet to fully recover and receive the green signal from the medical team.This essentially means that Jadeja will not be available for the ODI series which begins on December 4 in Dhaka in Bangladesh. Furthermore, it is yet to be determined if he will take part in the two-match Test series following the conclusion of the ODI series."Mr. Ravindra Jadeja's availability is subject to fitness," BCCI stated in its media release on October 31.The management is yet to give an official confirmation on his availability ahead of the tour to Bangladesh. The southpaw had to make an abrupt exit from the Asia Cup 2022 group stage round to undergo the surgery.It is understood that it is not Jadeja’s first time with knee complications as the star all-rounder was troubled previously just prior to the tour of the West Indies in July. Following the humiliating exit from the Asia Cup, team India excluded him from the T20 World Cup squad so he could recover fully for the Bangladesh series. According to ESPNcricinfo, Shahbaz Ahmed could be named as the replacement for the player for the forthcoming series.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.