Author View : 2.5K5 Min ReadUpdated - Aug 29, 2022, 15:32 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onTrent Rockets (TRT) will take on the struggling Welsh Fire (WEF) in the 29th match of The Hundred Men 2022 tournament at Trent Bridge in Nottingham on Monday. Trent Rockets lost against Southern Brave in the last match but still are placed at top of the league table with 10 points in seven matches. They put 139-run target for the Fire while batting first with Dawid Malan scoring the highest 59 runs. But bowlers failed to defend this total as Brave easily chased down the target with six wickets and five balls remaining.Welsh Fire suffered their seventh defeat in seven matches this season with a six-wicket loss against Northern Superchargers in the last match. They were restricted to only 114 runs with Adam Lyth scoring 47 runs off 34 ball and Faf du Plessis scoring 32 runs. Star spinner Ish Sodhi took took two wickets but Weslj Fire lost the match by six wickets.Venue: Trent Bridge, NottinghamDate & Time: 29th August at 11:30 PM IST and 07:00 PM Local TimeLive Streaming: FanCodeThe pitch at Trent Bridge is equally suited for both batters and bowlers in white-ball cricket. The average first inning score here is 147 runs and teams batting second have won  five of eight Hundred men’s games.(will be added when there is an update)Alex Hales, Dawid Malan, Tom Kolher-Cadmore (wk), Samit Patel, Lewis Gregory, Colin Munro, Daniel Sams, Tom Moores, Luke Wood, Sam Cook, Tabraiz Shamsi.Joe Clarke (wk), Tom Banton, Ben Duckett, Matt Critchley, David Miller, Leus du Plooy, Josh Cobb (c), Dwaine Pretorius, Ish Sodhi, David Payne, Jake Ball.The in-form batter has been a sole performer for Welsh Fire this season. He has scored 195 runs in seven matches at an average of 32.50 and a strike rate of 138.29.The experienced English batter continues his red-hot form with another big knock of 59 runs in the last match. He is now leading the scoring charts with 300 runs in seven matches at a strike rate of 175.43.The English all-rounder is yet to make a big impact with a bat but has been very impressive with a ball this season. Samit has taken eight wickets in seven matches at an economy rateThe experienced New Zealand spinner missed the opening five matches of this season but has been sensational in the last two matches with four wickets at an impressive economy rate of 4.95.The in-form all-rounder has taken six wickets in six matches and has scored 66 runs in just three innings so far, including his unbeaten 55-run heroics against Birmingham Pheonix.The 28-year-old batter has scored 104 runs in six matches at a strike rate of 109.47 so far, including two thirty-plus knocks, and should be picked as wicketkeeping choice ahead of Joe Clarke and Tom Banton.     Tom Kohler-Cadmore, Alex Hales, Dawid Malan (c), Ben Duckett (vc), Samit Patel, Daniel Sams, Matt Critchley, Jake Ball, Ish Sodhi, Luke Wood, Tabraiz Shamsi.Tom Banton, Tom Kohler-Cadmore, Dawid Malan, David Miller, Ben Duckett, Samit Patel (c), Daniel Sams, Josh Cobb, Jake Ball, Luke Wood, Ish Sodhi (vc).The star South African batter has struggled for big knocks since the conclusion of the Indian Premier League 2022 in May. Miller has scored only 68 runs in six matches this season but remains one of the best T20 batters in the world.The exxplosive English opener smashed 44 runs against Birmingham Pheonix but has struggled for consistency this season. Banton has scored 74 runs in five matches and can prove a risky captaincy choice on Monday.The veteran Kiwi batter smashed 67 runs off 37 balls to end his poor run of form but managed only 16 runs in the last match.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.