Author View : 1.7K2 Min ReadUpdated - Oct 17, 2022, 23:18 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onMaster Blaster Sachin Tendulkar has made it clear that India need a left-handed batter in their playing XI for the T20 World Cup 2022 in Australia. Stressing on the importance of the same, Sachin mentioned that not only do the lefties provide an added value but also offer a variety as far as the batting is concerned. The Indian team only has two left-handers (batters) in their current squad for the marquee tournament. One is wicketkeeper-batter Rishabh Pant and the other being bowling all-rounder Axar Patel. Star all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja is out of action due to a knee injury that he had sustained during the Asia Cup while seasoned batter Shikhar Dhawan has not been in the scheme of things in the shortest format for a long time."Left-handers without any doubt add in value, and bowlers have to adjust, fielders have to adjust, and if they are able to rotate strike consistently, it is not something that the bowler enjoys", said Tendulkar as quoted by ESPNcricinfo.Speaking about Rishabh Pant, while the youngster has been impressive in Tests and One Day Internationals, his performances in T20Is have been inconsistent over the past few months. Therefore, veteran Dinesh Karthik could be selected in the playing XI as the first-choice stumper largely due to his finishing and match-winning abilities in the shortest format. India will begin their Super 12 encounter with a high-voltage clash against arch-rivals Pakistan at the MCG next Sunday, October 23. They put on a good show against the title-holders Australia in their first warm-up fixture at the Gabba on Monday, October 17. Half-centuries from Suryakumar Yadav and KL Rahul along with an impactful final over from senior pacer Mohammed Shami helped India successfully defend 186 and come out on top by six runs at The Gabba. An upbeat Men in Blue would be hoping for an even better performance in their next warm-up game against the last year's finalists New Zealand on Wednesday, October 19. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.