Jr. Staff Writer View : 2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 02, 2022, 11:07 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onWith the IPL 2023 auction coming up on December 23, as many as 991 players have registered in the initial list which is to be cut short later. Popular names like Ben Stokes, Sam Curran and the impressive all-rounder Cameron Green have all set their base prices in the INR 2 Crore bracket and the most talked about Indian player, Mayank Agarwal has set been listed in the INR 1 Crore bracket.Agarwal who led the Punjab Kings in the previous season, was released by the franchise and the Karnataka lad is expected to go for big money in the upcoming auction. Manish Pandey who holds the record for the first century in the tournament history by an Indian player, was released by the Lucknow Super Giants and he has been listed in the INR 1 Crore bracket too.  According to ESPNCricinfo, among the Indian capped players, Kedar Jadhav is the only other player in the INR 1 Crore bracket and he last played in IPL 2021 for the Sunrisers Hyderabad. Afghanistan all-rounder Mohammad Nabi who was part of the KKR squad in the previous season has also registered, while Moises Henriques and Andrew Tye are among the prominent IPL names to register in the INR 1 Crore bracket.  England’s prolific batter Joe Root has been listed in the same bracket and it will be interesting to see if he can get a buyer given that England hasn’t preferred him in the T20I format. Former RCB player, Kyle Jamieson is returning from his injury and has been listed in the bracket after opting out of IPL in the previous year. The 1 crore band: Mayank Agarwal, Kedar Jadhav, Manish Pandey, Mohammad Nabi, Mujeeb ur Rahman, Moises Henriques, Andrew Tye, Joe Root, Luke Wood, Michael Bracewell, Mark Chapman, Martin Guptill, Kyle Jamieson, Matt Henry, Tom Latham, Daryl Mitchell, Heinrich Klaasen, Tabraiz Shamsi, Kusal Perera, Roston Chase, Rakheem Cornwall, Shai Hope, Akeal Hosein, David Wiese © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.