Jr. Staff Writer View : 4K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 04, 2022, 16:43 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe International Cricket Council has introduced a new rule for the semi-final and final of the ongoing ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2022, which says that a minimum of 10 overs in both innings need to be completed to have a result in the game.If rain plays a spoilsport in the fixtures and the game is reduced to less than 10-overs-a-side, the contest will have no result, as per the new rule. The Australian weather conditions have not been supportive to the teams this season, but there will be a reserve day in case of the knock-out stage fixtures.

Teams from both groups have been fighting hard to make their way into the semifinals, and as of now, only one team has managed to reserve a spot. After winning three out of their five games, the previous year’s finalists New Zealand confirmed their semi-final berth at the marquee event.England and Australia are the other two teams in contention from Group 1 and the competition has leveled up. Sri Lanka, who are placed fourth in the points table below second and third placed Australia and England respectively, also hope to make the cut, but need the results of other matches to land in their favor.In Group 2, India and South Africa are the leading contenders for the next stage, but there are also blurred chances of Pakistan qualifying. Pakistan does not just need to win their final game but also needs the results of India vs Zimbabwe and South Africa vs the Netherlands to land in their favor. Pakistan will have chances only if India and South Africa lose their respective fixtures on November 6. Thus, five teams are fighting hard for the remaining three semi-final spots.New Zealand, the first team to qualify for the next stage, have been dominant throughout the Super 12 stage. They claimed a victory against Sri Lanka, Australia, and Ireland. Their game against Afghanistan was abandoned, whereas they lost the game against England. But overall, they had a terrific campaign and maintained a big NRR of +2.113, to make a mark at the tournament.   © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.