Author View : 2.1K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 27, 2022, 14:10 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onBoard of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) secretary and Asian Cricket Council (ACC) president Jay Shah issued a major statement last month stating that the Indian team under no circumstances will be travelling to Pakistan for the next edition of the Asia Cup.Ramiz Raja, the incumbent chief of the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) didn’t take it on a lighter note as the board immediately issued a counter-statement stating if India do not come to play the Asia Cup in Pakistan then Pakistan also won't participate in the 50-overs World Cup 2023 slated to be organised in India.Raja on Friday, November 25 dropped the bombshell stating that if the Indian team decides to boycott next year’s Asia Cup, then the Pakistan team will not be travelling to India for the next year’s ODI World Cup.It has created quite a stir in the cricketing world. Former Pakistan leg-spinner Danish Kaneria feels that the Pakistan Cricket Board doesn't have the guts to boycott an ICC event. The former cricketer also mentioned how missing Asia Cup will not hamper India but missing a global tournament will definitely have an adverse impact on Pakistan.“The PCB does not have enough guts to boycott an ICC event. India, on the other hand, don't care if Pakistan don't come. They have a huge market that generates a lot of revenue. Not travelling to India for the World Cup will have a major effect on Pakistan.Pakistan will ultimately travel to India for the World Cup. Officials will say that they had no other option as there was pressure from the ICC. It will hurt Pakistan cricket badly if they talk about skipping an ICC event again and again,” the 41-year-old said.Speaking about the entire situation, the leg-spinner also mentioned that Bangladesh and Afghanistan can refuse to travel to Pakistan next year due to security concerns.“There is still a lot of time for the Asia Cup. We can't be sure that everything will be fine in the country by then or if the tournament will be conducted on Pakistani soil or not. We don't know what the situation will be like during that time.It could also be possible that, apart from India, teams like Bangladesh and Afghanistan also refuse to travel to Pakistan. The people of Pakistan want the Asia Cup to be played in their country. However, you have to remain on the back foot because of the situation of the nation,” Kaneria concluded.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.