Jr. Staff Writer View : 6096 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 29, 2022, 13:28 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onGone are the days when Bangladesh walked into a competition with the 'underdog' tag, incapable of defeating heavyweight nations on the cricket field. They have exhibited great character, consistency, and most importantly, results. The Bangla Tigers have shown that on their given day, they have the might to conquer the best of teams.During Bangladesh’s illustrious cricketing journey thus far, they have unearthed many gems who have taken the international circuit by storm with their incredible performances. Among these match-winners, there are certain batters who have shown immense resilience and skill in the longest format of the game. Let us relive the moments when Bangladesh batters registered their names in history books by smashing a double century.Bangladesh locked horns with Sri Lanka in the first game of the two-match Test series in Galle. After opting to bat, Angelo Mathews & co. posted a daunting 570 runs on the board, riding on the centuries from Kumar Sangakkara (142 runs off 226 balls), Lahiru Thirimanne (155* runs off 256 balls), and Dinesh Chandimal (116* runs off 151 balls).Bangladesh in response at one stage were 177 for 4 with Mohammad Ashraful waging a lone battle at one end. Skipper Mushfiqur Rahim arrived at the crease and did just what the doctor ordered. He stitched a sensational 267-run stand with Ashraful to put his side in a better position. After the dismissal of his partner, Rahim continued piling on the runs and went on to create history by becoming the first Bangladesh batter to score a double century in Tests.The wicketkeeper-batter’s sublime knock of 200 runs off 321 balls consisted of 22 fours and one maximum. Courtesy of sensational knocks from Ashraful (190 runs off 417 balls) and Rahim, the Bangla Tigers posted a mammoth total of 638 runs in their first innings. Bangladesh skipper was adjudged the Player of the Match for his epic knock.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.