Author View : 1.5K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 05, 2022, 12:43 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onRajasthan Royal's star Indian all-rounder Riyan Parag has shed light on the backlash he faced for his poor performances and how it motivated him to improve his cricket. He also revealed the backing he received from legendary Sri Lankan coach Kumar Sangakkara and skipper Sanju Samson in his new role as a finisher for the Rajasthan-based franchise.Riyan Parag was roped in by the Rajasthan Royals after his triumph with the Indian team in the Under-19 World Cup in New Zealand in 2018. However, he hasn't been consistent enough for the 2022 IPL finalists in his new role as the finisher. Parag admitted to the demands of batting lower down the order but is adamant about excelling in that role after receiving backing from head coach Kumar Sangakkara and skipper Sanju Samson."A lot. Sanga (Kumar Sangakkara) and the whole crew including Sanju Samson have shown a lot of belief in me. In the last four years, the first year was good for me, then the next three years playing down the order. I have always said it’s the toughest job in T20 cricket. It’s a challenge that I want to master and I am on my way to learning a lot of new things you only get better playing that role. Playing No.6/7 in a high-pressure T20 game is a tough job but will only build your character," Riyan Parag said while speaking to News18The 21-year-old has been critiqued for his arrogance on the pitch and often finds himself in the news for the wrong reasons. However, he has had a prolific run in this year's Vijay Hazare Trophy, displaying his all-around abilities for Assam, propelling them to a semi-final finish. He stated that 'the external noise is always there' without knowing what is going on behind the scenes."The external noise is always there. Everyone talked about how the management backed me, but no one threw light on why they are backing me. That only the team and management know. No one is there at the practice sessions or the matches we play or even the domestic. People only follow scores. That’s not how an IPL team works or in fact, any team works. Only we know what goes on behind the scenes or what’s the reason for the belief they have shown in me. "I am in a very good mental space, and how to take the next step or reach the next level. People will have opinions – good or bad. That doesn’t really matter," he added.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.