Jr. Staff Writer View : 1.3K3 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 30, 2022, 09:30 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onAfter whitewashing the Netherlands Women in the ODI series, the Thailand Women now have their eyes set on the T20I series. The Naruemol Chaiwai-led side picked up a massive 10-wicket victory over the Netherlands in the first T20I and would look for nothing else than to keep up with the momentum.The Netherlands team, on the other hand, were pretty pale in the first match as their middle order was shattered like a house of cards. 26-year-old Robine Rijke was the only one to show some intent as she scored 33 off 40 deliveries to help Netherlands reach 89 after 20 overs.Meanwhile, the Thai team has been incredible since the Women’s Asia Cup. The team defeated Pakistan and even qualified for the semi-finals of the competition but eventually lost to India. Since then, they have been high on confidence and it is highlighted in their recent performances.Venue: Royal Chiangmai Golf Club, Chiang MaiDate and Time: November 30, 12:00 PM ISTTelecast & Live Streaming Details: FanCodeThe surface at the Royal Chiangmai Golf Club will provide equal assistance for both batters and bowlers. The team winning the toss usually prefers to bat first and it is unlikely to change in the second T20I.Nattakan Chantam, Nannapat Koncharoenkai, Banthida Leephatthana, Chanida Sutthiruang, (wk), Naruemol Chaiwai (c), Nattaya Boochatham, Onnicha Kamchomphu, Phannita Maya, Rosenan Kanoh, Suleeporn Laomi, Thipatcha PutthawongSterre Kalis (c), Babette de Leede (wk), Silver Siegers, Robine Rijke, Annemijn Thomson, Eva Lynch, Frederique Overdijk, Hannah Landheer, Iris Zwilling, Caroline de Lange, Robyn van OosteromThe 26-year-old Natthakan Chantam has been extremely consistent for Thailand in the past. The opener scored 41 runs in the first T20I and helped her team get the first win of the series. Given her form and momentum, Chantam can once again step up and help her team take a 2-0 lead over the Netherlands.Sulleporn Laomi was one of Thailand’s most lethal and impactful bowlers in the first match. Giving away just 14 runs in her four overs, the 24-year-old picked up three wickets in the first match. Also Check: Dream11 Team Prediction for TL-W vs ND-WDisclaimer: This prediction is based on the understanding, analysis, and instinct of the author. While making your prediction, consider the points mentioned, and make your own decision.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.