Jr. Staff Writer View : 3.7K3 Min ReadUpdated - Jul 06, 2022, 17:24 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe second quarter-final match of the 2022 T20 Blast will be played between Warwickshire and Hampshire at Edgbaston, Birmingham on July 7 (Thursday). Both teams have done well during the group stage matches and will be looking to win the quarter-final clash and get one step closer to the prized trophy.While Hampshire won their last group stage encounter with skipper James Vince smashing the Sussex bowlers to every corner of the ground, Warwickshire had to suffer a close defeat against Lancashire by just two wickets. Skipper Carlos Brathwaite has not been able to give his best for Warwickshire and will look to bring out his A-game in an important match.Venue: Edgbaston, BirminghamDate and Time: July 7, 2022, 11:00 PM ISTLive Streaming: FanCode 
The wicket at Edgbaston generally provides a good contest between both bat and ball. The pacers get some movement from the new ball, but as the game progresses, batting becomes easy. The skipper winning the toss might prefer to bowl first and chase the target later on.Paul Stirling, Alex Davies (wk), Sam Hain, Adam Hose, Chris Benjamin, Dan Mousley, Carlos Brathwaite (c), Jake Lintott, Danny Briggs, Olly Stone, Henry BrookesBen McDermott (wk), James Vince (c), Tom Prest, Joe Weatherley, Ross Whiteley, Toby Albert, James Fuller, Liam Dawson, Chris Wood, Brad Wheal, Mason CraneHampshire skipper James Vince is one of the most consistent batters in the T20 Blast. The right-handed batter makes look batting very easy and has got all the shots in the book. Vince scored an excellent fifty during his team’s last group stage encounter and will look to emulate his performance in the next fixture as well.Warwickshire express pacer Olly Stone was excellent for his side during the last group stage match. The right-arm pacer grabbed a total of four wickets and gave away just 21 runs in his four-over quota. Starting the proceedings for Warwickshire, Stone has bowled some crucial spells for his team and will want to give a match-winning performance against Hampshire as well.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.