Author View : 8702 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 05, 2022, 16:21 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIn the opening one-day international in Dhaka, Team India was shockingly defeated by hosts Bangladesh, who won by one wicket to take a 1-0 series lead. Against the Bangladeshi attack, which was led by Shakib Al Hasan and Ebadot Hossain, the Indian batting lineup crumbled like a cookie. Shakib and Ebadot shared nine wickets between themselves, with the former claiming a five-wicket haul.The Indian bowlers kept things under control in the second innings while defending the low total. It turned out to be a cut-throat competition as Bangladesh were reduced to 136/9 in 39.3 overs and India needed just one wicket to win the first game. But blunders by Indian fielders gave Bangladesh the bonus life, and Indian bowlers failed to pick the final one wicket. As a result, Mehidy Hasan Miraz won the game for the hosts.Many cricket pundits were shocked after India’s defeat, and some even shared harsh criticisms for Rohit Sharma and his men. One among them was former team India cricketer Mohammad Kaif, who also raised an important question that the Indian team ought to take under consideration.“It was India's game, they had taken nine wickets. The bowling was excellent, they got India back into the game after the batters had a bad day. The bowling covered up for that until the 40th over, but the last 10 overs, who is our death bowler? Is it Deepak Chahar or Kuldeep Sen?,” questioned Kaif while speaking on Sony Sports Network during a post-match discussion.KL Rahul dropped a sitter when Mehidy Hasan Miraz was on 15. India needed just one wicket to win and that dropped catch changed the course of the game. Soon after that mistake, Washington Sundar missed out on a chance of taking a catch, which eventually cost India the game. The bowlers conceded runs under pressure and as a result, Bangladesh won the game by one wicket.“We dropped catches. KL Rahul doesn't keep that often. He is a good fielder, he ran out Litton Das with a direct hit from the deep in the T20 World Cup. Sundar didn't dive to try and take the catch. The fielders were seen under pressure. We made mistakes under pressure. We bowled wide balls and no-balls. You have to overcome pressure if you have to win the World Cup. That is how a team emerges, whether you talk about New Zealand or England, who are at the top in white-ball cricket,” he added.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.