Author View : 6122 Min ReadUpdated - Jul 17, 2022, 18:57 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe Lanka Premier League (LPL) 2022 has been postponed with immediate effect due to the growing economic crisis in Sri Lanka, confirmed the Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC)  on July 17, Sunday. It was scheduled to take place from August 1 to August 22.The SLC stated that the decision was taken after a request was made by the right holders of the tournament, Innovative Production Group FZE (IPG), citing that the current economic situation is not suitable for the tournament. “This decision was taken by the SLC, following a request made by the Innovative Production Group FZE (IPG), the Rights Holder of the tournament, which cited the current ‘economic situation,’ in the country, as not conducive to hosting the tournament.” said the SLC in a statement.Sri Lanka’s ex-president Gotabaya Rajapaksa fled his residence shortly before the protesters arrived. A senior official, who requested anonymity said that Rajapaksa is currently under the protection of the military at a “safe” location, as reported by The Hindu.A political scientist named Jayadeva Uyangoda said that Rajapaksa’s resignation was a major victory for the political struggle, adding that this was an outcome of citizens’ direct action. “That is a major victory for the political struggle, as even political parties have found it very difficult to dislodge the Rajapaksas,” Uyangoda told The Hindu.“This is an outcome of citizens’ direct action, and outside the political party domain. Only a bloody revolution might have achieved this in other contexts,” added Uyangoda. “People should be allowed to elect a new parliament that can change the Constitution to abolish the Presidential system and restore democracy. That is the most important priority,” he added. Uyangoda said that there is no guarantee that an interim or a newly elected government can resolve the economic hole the country is in, within a short period. He gave the example of the past situations in Greece, Italy, Argentina, Zambia and Lebanon. He said that Sri Lanka must also expect a period of political instability before things are stable again.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.