Jr. Staff Writer View : 3.8K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 06, 2022, 10:57 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe game between South Africa and the Netherlands turned out to be one of the major upsets of the tournament as the Dutch side went on to defeat the Proteas and put curtains on their T20 World Cup 2022 campaign. South Africa, who were just a win away from confirming a semi-final spot, had to face an unfortunate exit from the tournament.After posting a target of 159 runs to chase, the Netherlands bowlers kept the South African batters in check and under control, thereby restricting them from chasing the total. South Africa kept losing wickets at regular intervals which slowed down their momentum. The Dutch were dominant throughout the game and ended their tournament on a high note, in what was a dead rubber for them.Former India cricketer and a legend of the game Sachin Tendulkar, and former Proteas cricketer AB de Villiers reacted to South Africa’s loss and took to Twitter to share their thoughts. While Tendulkar shared a funny tweet reacting to the game, De Villiers expressed disappointment on South Africa’s loss while also congratulating the Netherlands.Sachin said: Went for breakfast with a friend. Told him we'll go Dutch. He almost choked at the proposition!AB de Villiers said: Ouch! Feel sorry for our boys. Well played HollandWent for breakfast with a friend. Told him we'll go Dutch. He almost choked at the proposition!😋😋#SAvsNED pic.twitter.com/kDH1tN5nPJ

Ouch! Feel sorry for our boys. Well played Holland👏

With South Africa’s loss, India made their way into the semi-finals. On the other hand, the loss also gave hope to Bangladesh and Pakistan as they fight for the last remaining place in the semi-finals. From Group 1, New Zealand and England qualified for the knock-out stage, while hosts Australia failed to defend their championship title.The Super 12 stage ends today (November 06). The two semi-final games will be played on November 9th and November 10th, with the grand finale scheduled on November 13th, 2022.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.