Abu Dhabi T10 League, 2022 | 25 Nov 2022, Fri, 10:00 PM IST | Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu DhabiMatch Starts InDaysHrsMinsSecCR Brathwaite to Rohan Mustafa, no run, Bowled out!!! Carlos Brathwaite bowled good length, on the off stump, Rohan Mustafa gets on the backfoot to play inside edge but could not get it on time, wicket smashed Rohan Mustafa 0(1) b CR BrathwaiteCR Brathwaite to Mrittunjoy Chowdhury, 1 run, full length, on the off stump, Mrittunjoy Chowdhury plays of the frontfoot for 1 run  CR Brathwaite to Mrittunjoy Chowdhury, no run, dot ball!! full length, on the middle stump, Mrittunjoy Chowdhury plays of the frontfoot  CR Brathwaite to Yasir Kaleem, no run, Caught out!! full length, on the off stump, Yasir Kaleem plays outside edge of the frontfoot to the keeper where Adam Rossington completes catch. Gone. Yasir Kaleem 1(3) c AM Rossington b CR BrathwaiteCR Brathwaite to Yasir Kaleem, no run, dot ball!! yorker, outside the leg stump, Yasir Kaleem plays of the frontfoot  End Of Over9Run Scored: 81 1Wd 0 2 0 4 wScore After 9 OversBT Innings - 92/7Shakib Al Hasan 15(14)Yasir Kaleem 1(1)Olly Stone2-0-23-2OP Stone to Shakib Al Hasan, no run, Caught out!! full length, on the off stump, Shakib Al Hasan plays lofted drive, of the frontfoot to the back to bowler where Carlos Brathwaite completes catch. Gone. Shakib Al Hasan 15(14) c CR Brathwaite b OP StoneOP Stone to Shakib Al Hasan, Four, good length, on the middle stump Shakib Al Hasan plays the along the ground pull, of the backfoot to the mid wicket for four  OP Stone to Shakib Al Hasan, no run, dot ball!! good length, outside off, Shakib Al Hasan plays of the frontfoot  OP Stone to Shakib Al Hasan, 2 runs, good length, on the off stump, Shakib Al Hasan plays along the ground pull, of the backfoot to mid wicket for 2 run  OP Stone to Shakib Al Hasan, no run, dot ball!! good length, on the off stump, Shakib Al Hasan plays along the ground, of the backfoot to back to bowler.  OP Stone to Shakib Al Hasan, 1 wide, good length, outside the leg stump, Shakib Al Hasan plays on the backfoot, but ball was way too far and given wide by the umpire.  OP Stone to Yasir Kaleem, 1 run, good length, on the middle stump, Yasir Kaleem plays along the ground of the backfoot to square leg for 1 run  End Of Over8Run Scored: 80 0 0 1Wd 6 0 1Wd wScore After 8 OversBT Innings - 84/6Iftikhar Ahmed 49(20)Shakib Al Hasan 9(9)Sikandar Raza2-0-13-1Sikandar Raza to Shakib Al Hasan, no run, Run out!!! full length, on the middle stump, Shakib Al Hasan plays the along the ground drive, of the frontfoot to the back to bowler but Sikandar Raza holds it and throws it back at the Iftikhar Ahmed end right into the stumps, the batsman is gone inevitably. Iftikhar Ahmed 49(20) runout (Sikandar Raza)© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.