Author View : 1.3K2 Min ReadUpdated - Aug 25, 2022, 13:24 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onAustralian batter Chris Lynn has received the no-objection certificate (NOC) from Cricket Australia (CA) to play in the UAE’s International League T20 (ILT20) and also signed a contract for Adelaide Strikers in the Big Bash League (BBL), confirmed the CA on August 25, Thursday.Earlier, Lynn had signed up for Gulf Giants in the UAE league without having a BBL or a CA contract, resulting in a potential impasse with CA, who were uncertain about providing the batter with the NOC. The board maintained that, according to the policy, Lynn had pursued the NOC and also stated that a player cannot be granted the approval to play in a foreign league while the Australian season is underway. However, both Gulf Giants management and Lynn’s management team told that they would ensure a cordial settlement. “Cricket Australia welcomes the Adelaide Strikers’ signing of Chris Lynn, the highest run-scorer in BBL history, for 11 out of 14 games in the upcoming BBL|12 season. He will be released from 20 January to participate in UAE’s ILT20 competition from that date,” the CA stated.The CA had earlier stated: “Lynn does not hold a CA or State contract and has not done so since his last Queensland Cricket contract expired in June 2019. Each matter regarding release for overseas competitions is subject to the individual’s circumstances. Our guiding principle remains the prioritisation and protection of Australia’s domestic summer of cricket and the interests of the game overall.”Although, the CA cannot withhold a player under the country’s laws. The issue was further magnified when Lynn was unveiled by Gulf Giants on social media. An official of Adani Sportsline, which owns the franchise said that they are working on his NOC. “Hopefully we will be able to manage something,” the official was quoted as saying by Cricbuzz.Lynn would be among many others who would play in both ILT20 and BBL. Some of the others on the list are Kieron Pollard, Sam Billings, Andre Russell, Chris Jordan, Dwayne Bravo and Trent Boult. The BBL will commence on December 13 and end on February 4, while the ILT20 will take place between January 6 and February 12.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.