Jr. Staff Writer View : 2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 02, 2022, 17:13 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe IPL is all set to introduce the Impact Player rule in the tournament from the 2023 season. The rule was recently implemented in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy and Mumbai, who won their maiden trophy, did use it to their advantage in crunch situations.  According to the rule, each team will have to name four substitutes at the toss before the start of the game and one player from the substitutes of both teams can be used an Impact Player. The Impact Player can replace any player in the XI only before the 14th over and it is important for the captain, head coach or the manager had to notify any of the umpires when taking the call.The batting team will have the luxury to introduce an Impact Player at the fall of a wicket or during the innings break. The Impact Player can bat or bowl his full quota once he has been introduced. If a player had retired hurt, the Impact Player can be used only at the end of the over in progress. Notably, only 11 players will be able to bat at the end of the day and that doesn’t change. The rule will not be applicable in rain shortened games which go below ten overs. Also, in case of injury, the substituted player will no longer be allowed to take any part in the remaining game. However, if an Impact Player gets injured in the middle of an over, then the current normal fielder substitution laws are applicable once the umpire is convinced. The fielder who will come in as a substitute for the Impact Player cannot bowl or captain the team. Delhi was the first team to use the Impact Player rule in Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy and they recorded the feat against Manipur in Jaipur. Hrithik Shokeen became the first Impact Player as he replaced opener Hiten Dalal, who scored a quickfire knock at the top of the order for Delhi. Shokeen, meanwhile, finished with 2 for 13 in his three overs to hand Delhi a comfortable victory.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.