Editor View : 6.7K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 04, 2022, 21:34 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIndia and Bangladesh played out a low-scoring thriller in Dhaka on Sunday (December 4). Both teams have been involved in last-ball thrillers in limited overs formats over the last few years. In the process, the players from both sides have also shared heated moments in the middle. During the first ODI in Dhaka, Virat Kohli and Mushfiqur Rahim were involved in not a heated but one such intriguing moment when both tried to get under each other's skin.In the 29th over of Bangladesh's innings, when the match was evenly poised, the two legends of the sport had a go at each other. However, it happened well within the limits and even the spectators enjoyed the moment. Off the fifth ball of the 29th over when Shardul Thakur was bowling, Rahim defending a length ball to cover.There was no run in it and Virat Kohli was also quick to pounce on the ball. The former India captain, however, aimed a throw at stumps only to not get rid of the ball. At the same time, Rahim was active and stepped away from the stumps and invited Kohli to hit the bulls eye. His actions didn't please Kohli one bit and he was seen giving it back to the Bangladesh veteran as well.That moment between @imVkohli and @mushfiqur15 Love the competitiveness #BANvIND pic.twitter.com/atTs0KG5DVIt was not the day for batters in the first ODI in Dhaka and Virat Kohli and Mushfiqur Rahim were no different. While the former India skipper was at the receiving end of extraordinary fielding from the Litton Das, Rahim succumbed to pressure in a tight run-chase.Kohli scored only nine runs off 15 balls before getting out to Shakib Al Hasan with Das taking an excellent catch at covers. Rahim got out in the 36th over scoring 18 runs off 45 deliveries without hitting a single boundary. His wicket perhaps seemed to have ended Bangladesh's hopes in the game but Mehidy Hasan had other ideas in the end.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.