Jr. Staff Writer View : 1.2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 01, 2022, 10:58 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe three-match Women's ODI series between West Indies and England is scheduled to take place in Antigua from December 4 to December 9. The hosts named a strong 14-member squad for the three-match ODI series which saw senior wicketkeeper-batters Shemaine Campbelle and Kycia Knight make their way back into the side.While West Indies will have the services of the two maestros, all-rounder Stafanie Taylor will miss out on the series. She suffered an injury while playing against New Zealand in September, and because she hasn’t recovered completely, she continues to sit out of the squad. 25-year-old left-arm spinner Kaysia Schultz has received her maiden international call-up.The playing group was reduced from 17 to 14 players, with Shamilia Connell, Kyshona Knight, Natasha McLean, and rookie pacer Jannillea Glasgow being left out after being included in the team against New Zealand.The series is crucial for both sides, as they attempt to recover from the losses in their respective first series of the ICC Women's Championship 2022–25 cycle. While West Indies lost their home series against New Zealand by 2-1, England suffered a humiliating 3-0 defeat at home against India, who clinched a historic win at the iconic Lord’s.England are now ranked seventh among the eight teams that have played so far in the Women's Championship, while West Indies are occupying the fifth place. Bangladesh and Australia have not yet started their campaigns. The top five sides at the conclusion of the 2022–25 cycle will earn a direct qualification for the 2025 ODI World Cup. India, being the host of the tournament, have earned automatic qualification.“This series against England comes on the heels of the New Zealand tour to the West Indies and continues our important preparation for the upcoming tri-series against India and South Africa and the ICC Women's T20 World Cup to follow. It gives the players a great opportunity to develop and push for final selection for the tri-series and World Cup,” lead selector Ann Browne-John said.West Indies ODI squad vs England: Hayley Matthews (c), Shakera Selman (vc), Aaliyah Alleyne, Shemaine Campbelle (wk), Afy Fletcher, Cherry Ann Fraser, Shabika Gajnabi, Sheneta Grimmond, Chinelle Henry, Kycia Knight (wk), Chedean Nation, Karishma Ramharack, Kaysia Schultz, Rashada Williams© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.