Author View : 2.5K5 Min ReadUpdated - Aug 28, 2022, 18:04 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onTrinbago Knight Riders Women (TKR-W) will be facing Barbados Royals Women (BR-W) in the final clash of The 6ixty Women 2022 at Warner Park in Basseterre, St Kitts on Sunday. Trinbago Knight Riders beat Guyana Amazon Warriors by six wickets in the last match to secure first place in the group stage fixture with four points in four matches. Barbados Royals also beat the Guyana side to secure the place in the final with two wins in four matches. Both teams won and lost once against each other in their respective fixtures this season.Venue: Warner Park, Basseterre, St KittsDate & Time: 29th August at 12:30 AM IST and 08:00 PM Local TimeLive Streaming: FanCodeThe pitch at Warner Park is well suited for the big hitters in the shortest format of the game. Batters dominated the first few matches with big totals but bowlers managed to make an impact in the last two matches with no 60-plus total on the scoreboard.(will be added when there is an update)Deandra Dottin (c), Lee-Ann Kirby, Sune Luus, Kycia Knight (wk), Kyshona Knight, Natasha Mclean, Hayley Jensen, Anisa Mohammed, Geetika Kodali, Sheneta Grimmond, Jannillea Glasgow.Hayley Matthews (c) Britney Cooper, Chloe Tryon, Chinelle Henry, Reniece Boyce (wk), Fatima Sana, Mandy Mangru, Aaliyah Alleyne, Shakera Selman, Afy Fletcher, Qiana Joseph.Trinbago skipper smashed 22 runs off 15 balls in the last match against Guyana and scored 46 runs off 34 balls against Barbados this season. She has been excellent form with a bat with two big fifties in her last five matches and will be a good captaincy choice for this clash.The 23-year-old bowling all-rounder has taken wickets in all three matches she has played this season. She took a wicket while conceding just three runs against Guyana in the last match.The in-form all-rounder is leading the scoring charts with 114 runs in four 6ixty matches this season. She smashed 63 runs off 29 balls against Trinbago and will be looking forward to a similar impact on Sunday as well.The star West Indies all-rounder continues her red-hot form with 25 runs off 18 balls and a wicket against Guyana Women in the last match. She has scored 48 runs and has taken 3 wickets for Barbados this season and will be a good captaincy choice for this fixture.Kycia Knight, Chloe Tryon, Sune Luss, Kychona Knight, Deandra Dottin (c), Hayley Matthews (vc), Sheneta Grimmond, Chinelle Henry, Geetika Kodali, Fatima Sana, Shakera Selman.Kycia Knight, Renice Boyce, Chloe Tryon (vc), Sune Luus (c), Kyshona Knight, Aaliyah Alleyne, Hayley Matthews, Deandra Dottin, Anisa Mohammed, Fatima Sana, Qiana Joseph.South African star has taken three wickets in the last two matches, including two for six against GUY-W in the last match this season. But Luus has scored only 40 runs and has taken three wickets in four matches.The 22-year-old all-rounder didn’t get a chance to bat or bowl in all three matches she has played for Barbados Royals this season.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.