Author View : 1.6K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 22, 2022, 22:36 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onRavindra Jadeja will likely not travel to Bangladesh for the upcoming tour. The India all-rounder, who has been sidelined since the Asia Cup owing to an injury, has not recovered completely and will need to be replaced in the team traveling to Bangladesh in December.  For the visit, which consists of three ODIs and two Tests, he was a prospective selection to both the ODI and Test squads.According to reports, it is said that Jadeja’s recovery process has not yet completed, which is why he can not travel to Bangladesh. The all-rounder, who turns 34 next month, suffered a freak injury during the Asia Cup 2022, which ruled him out of the T20 World Cup 2022 as well. The last international match that Jadeja played was on August 31, against Hong Kong.“Mr. Ravindra Jadeja's availability is subject to fitness,” the BCCI had said in its media release, on October 31, while announcing the squads for the tour of Bangladesh.The scenario may have gotten a little complicated because the national selection committee was revamped, but the Chetan Sharma panel, according to Cricbuzz, is operating as usual. Later this week, when they're likely to also disclose the India A squad, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) might also make the announcement of the new members of the selection committee.Team India is currently in New Zealand for a three-match T20I and ODI series, but that squad does not include senior players Rohit Sharma, KL Rahul, or Virat Kohli for that matter. As a result, Hardik Pandya led the T20I side in the recently concluded series, which India won by 1-0 on November 22, Tuesday. The ODI squad, on the other hand, will be led by Shikhar Dhawan.The senior players and regular skipper Rohit Sharma, who are currently resting following a hectic T20 World Cup schedule, will be back for the series against Bangladesh. India has a big challenge upfront, as they need to win all their remaining Test fixtures of the ongoing World Test Championship cycle so as to make a chance of playing in the finals in 2023.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.