Jr. Staff Writer View : 8742 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 05, 2022, 12:34 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onRohit Sharma-led team India endured a loss in the first of the three-match ODI series by a narrow margin of a wicket to hosts Bangladesh. Former India cricketer Dodda Ganesh was in disbelief after the low-scoring thriller was won by the Bangla Tigers despite team India’s efforts to stay in contention to win the match.Batting first, the visitors put up an underwhelming total of 186 runs on the scoreboard after losing wickets in quick succession. However, in response, Litton Das and Co. too lost wickets in their batting innings, but it was Mehidy Hasan’s vital knock that guided the side to eventually clinch the match.“Goodness gracious. Unbelievable that India found a way to lose this game. Still shaking my head. Well played Bangladesh,” expressed Dodda Ganesh on Twitter as he was in disbelief following the loss.Goodness gracious. Unbelievable that India found a way to lose this game. Still shaking my head. Well played Bangladesh #DoddaMathu #CricketTwitter #BANvINDThere were various facets in the match that the Men in Blue were just not at their best level, from the batting order getting toppled to fielding errors, the side made headlines for all wrong reasons. The bowling unit, however, did a splendid job to put up a tough fight and kept the side in contention to stay till the end which handed hopes of a miraculous win.However, Mehidy Hasan, who came down the middle order in the Bangladesh batting line-up, proved his mettle as he played a delicate unbeaten 38-run knock from 39 balls which overshadowed India’s fight. Now, the Indian side will get back to the drawing boards and could very well make a few tactical changes in order to get back to winning ways.India has endured poor outings recently in the 50-over format and will look to overcome their failures swiftly when they lock horns against the Bangla Tigers in the 2nd ODI match. The contest between the two Asian rivals is scheduled to be played on Wednesday, December 7 at the Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.