Jr. Staff Writer View : 7362 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 05, 2022, 21:19 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onEngland produced a terrific performance in the first of the three Tests in Pakistan and have taken a crucial 1-0 lead in the historic series. Despite the bowlers having zero assistance from the Rawalpindi pitch, England still pushed for a result and their risk was rewarded on the final day. They managed to pick up the last five wickets in a hurry and won the Test by 74 runs on the back of an outstanding bowling performance.Throughout the Test, skipper Ben Stokes was aggressive with his tactics and field setting. Veteran James Anderson and Ollie Robinson bowled their hearts out on a flat track and it was a memorable victory for the English side. No wonder, Stokes rated the Rawalpindi victory among the greatest for the England side in away games.  Stokes noted that the focus was to play their attacking brand of cricket without worrying about the opposition and felt the surface helped the batters considerably. He further was proud of the group of players who managed to ground it hard in tough conditions to field.  “We've played 8-9 matches with myself and Brendon in charge. One thing we try to do is focus on ourselves and not the opposition. We know we're a very exciting team. Was a great batting surface, so it was an opportunity for our batting group. Having the lads truck in like they did today was amazing. Really special group of players. We wanted to come here to Pakistan and carry on with our mantra of exciting cricket,” Stokes told in the post-match conference. The 31-year-old further mentioned that England never wanted to play for a draw. He further said that he was delighted with the reverse swing on offer on the final day. “I've got no interest in trying to play for a draw, the dressing room has no interest in playing for a draw. Felt on this kind of wicket, almost had to entice the batsmen to play an attacking shot. Today we were fortunate to get the ball reverse-swinging. James Anderson and Ollie Robinson were fantastic today. We won probably about 8 minutes before we would've come off. This is probably up there as one of England's greatest away wins,” he added. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.