Jr. Staff Writer View : 922 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 06, 2022, 14:20 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe official trailer of the second season of the much-anticipated docuseries 'The Test' has made headlines as the new season will shed light on the controversial departure of former Australian Test skipper Tim Paine ahead of the Ashes at the fag end of 2021. The upcoming season is scheduled for a release in January next year, and will also touch on the controversy surrounding former Australian head coach Justin Langer during his successful yet maligned tenure with the national team.The Australian team were in a spot of bother after the then Test skipper Tim Paine resigned from the captaincy role following the emergence of an explicit text-message exchange. The second season of 'The Test' will lift the lid on the unceremonious situation in which Paine stepped down from his leadership role, leading to the appointment of Pat Cummins as the new skipper ahead of the Ashes in late 2021.Cummins' captaincy stint started with the thumping of rivals England in the Ashes. The Australian quick followed it with a successful Test tour of Pakistan, leading the side from the front amid security concerns in the Asian country. MUST WATCH: The official trailer for The Test Season Two is here 👀Lock it in your calendar - January 13 on Prime Video #TheTest @pvsportau pic.twitter.com/Ok2iMoOq1x

The docuseries will also lift the lid on the unrest in the Australian dressing room that eventually led to the departure of head coach Justin Langer earlier this year. The former Australian cricketer had led the national side to their maiden T20 title last year at the T20 World Cup in the UAE. Langer was not happy with the contract extension offered to him by Cricket Australia and decided to step down from his position.There were rumors of discontent among several senior Australian players in the dressing room due to Langer's rigid and demanding coaching style. The trailer also captured the rise of Scott Boland in the Test arena as the pacer returned with an impressive haul of 18 wickets in just three appearances during the Ashes.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.