Author View : 9932 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 04, 2022, 10:36 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onPakistan Cricket Board (PCB) chief Ramiz Raja wasn’t amused by a question raised by a reporter recently and he straightaway expressed his disliking of it with a frustrated response. The PCB has been under criticism for the type of pitch that has been prepared in Rawalpindi for the ongoing Test between Pakistan and England after more than 500 runs were scored on Day 1 of the Test. This is not the first time it has happened as it was a similar story during Australia’s visit to Pakistan in the month of March.  After the conclusion of play on Day 3, Pakistan managed to get closer to the total of 657 posted by England in their first innings. Social media has been quite vocal about it with the pitch showing no assistance to the bowlers at all.Speaking of the pitch, a reporter reminded the PCB chief who was at the stadium, about the earlier quotes from skipper Babar on the importance of winning the series.  “We are excited about the prospect of playing the WTC final. This is an important series for that. We have a golden chance to achieve that if we win four of the five Tests to come. We got around a week to prepare for the series, so that was great and has given us some edge and momentum. The best thing was that first-class matches were on, so some of the players were already playing red-ball cricket," Babar told in the pre-match conference earlier. “In such cases what type of pitches we have had? Because Babar had said that we have a golden chance here?” asked the reporter to Ramiz as quoted by Hindustan TimesRamiz was furious with the question and he gave a blunt reply to the reporter. "Phir wohi baat kar rahe hain, aap khel le phir (Again you are saying the same thing…you go and play then),” responded Ramiz. Meanwhile, Pakistan after getting out to 579 in the first innings are still behind by 78 runs after the completion of the first innings. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.