Author View : 2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 27, 2022, 15:33 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe third edition of the Lanka Premier League (LPL) is all set to commence on December 06 in Hambantota after the tournament was rescheduled due to the political and financial crisis in the island nation. The renowned franchise league will be contested between five teams. Online sports news platform Mazaplay.net is the title sponsor of the Lanka Premier League 2022.The LPL was brought to a standstill after the economic crisis in the country earlier this year. However, the entertainment-rich league is all set to captivate the fans with some thrilling cricket when defending champions Jaffna Kings take on Galle Gladiators in the curtain-raiser fixture next month. Fans will witness the five participating team battle it out in 20 matches in the first round of the tournament before the action moves to Kandy and then Colombo for the knockout stages of the competition. Qualifier 1 and the Eliminator of the upcoming season will take place on December 21, while Qualifier 2 will be played on a subsequent day, with the final set to be played on the 23rd of December in Colombo.Mazaplay.net, an online sports news platform that keeps the fans up to date with the latest happenings in the world of sports, is an unmissable destination for cricket news, schedules, rankings, and features. It also has plenty to offer for football and kabaddi fans, providing the latest updates from the respective sports fraternity.Mazaplay.net, a go-to resource for everything sports-related, are also the associate sponsor for the ongoing limited-overs series between India and New Zealand that commenced on the 18th of November with the T20I series. They were also the title sponsor of the Desert Cup T20I Series that commenced on the 14th of November. The Oman Desert Quadrangle T20, commonly known as the Desert Cup T20I Series 2022, is a 14-game competition that was hosted in Muscat, Oman, at the Al Amerat Cricket Ground. Apart from its association with renowned global tournaments, Mazaplay.net is also the presenting sponsor of Abu Dhabi T10 side Northern Warriors for the ongoing season.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.