Jr. Staff Writer View : 2.1K2 Min ReadUpdated - Sep 25, 2022, 10:22 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onShikhar Dhawan, one of the best entertainers in the Indian cricket team joined hands with Ravindra Jadeja to make an Instagram reel that left the fans in splits. The 36-year-old, who isn’t currently a part of the scheme of things as far as the Indian T20I side is concerned, posted a reel on Instagram on Saturday (September 24) that shows him dancing in joy with Jadeja pointing at Dhawan and lip syncing a famous Bollywood movie dialogue.  “Iski shaadi karwa dijiye, zimmedari ayegi to sudhar jayeja (Get him married, responsibilities will put him on the right track)," is the dialogue that Jadeja can be heard lip syncing.Meanwhile, Dhawan captioned the post as “Nahi nahi, abhi nahi thoda karo intezaar (Not yet, let’s wait for some more time).”A post shared by Shikhar Dhawan (@shikhardofficial)

The video went viral on Instagram and cricketers like Suryakumar Yadav, Arshdeep Singh, Paras Dogra, Harbhajan Singh, Harpreet Brar among others commented on the video post. This is not the first time that Dhawan has brought smiles to the fans on social media, he is very popular across social media and keeps spreading laughter and happiness with every now and then.Dhawan was last seen in action for India during the recent three-match ODI series in Zimbabwe where he led a side full of youngsters and featured in an amazing reel to celebrate the series victory (3-0). The whole team was seen celebrating the series win in the reel and it had garnered lot of attention.Meanwhile, Jadeja missed out on selection for the upcoming T20 World Cup 2022 due to an injury he picked up in the recent Asia Cup 2022. He injured his right knee while participating in an adventure activity during the Asia Cup. The star all-rounder is currently at the National Cricket Academy (NCA) for his rehabilitation and is expected to be back on the field soon.  © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.