Author View : 4952 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 16, 2022, 10:51 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onFollowing team India’s heartbreaking loss to England in the semi-final of the ICC T20 World Cup 2022, many cricket experts have questioned the approach of the team and the way they went about their business in the World Cup. Although the Rohit Sharma-led side has copped a lot of criticism, there have been a few former cricketers who have not shied away from suggesting the right path to the team going ahead.Cricketer turned broadcaster, Irfan Pathan took to social media and listed out key pointers for the Men in Blue going ahead. Furthermore, the former pacer opined that changing captaincy would not necessarily yield results.Indian cricket going forward 1) Openers playing freely, At least one of them. 2) Wrist spinner (wicket taker ) is must. 3) Tear away fast bowler. 4) please don’t think changing captaincy will give us changed result. It’s the approach what needs to change.

“Indian cricket going forward 1) Openers playing freely, at least one of them. 2) Wrist spinner (wicket taker) is must. 3) Tear away fast bowler. 4) please don’t think changing captaincy will give us changed result. It’s the approach what needs to change,” tweeted Irfan.After a forgettable evening at the Adelaide Oval in the second semi-final following the loss to the Three Lions, plenty of questions are being asked regarding the side being unable to relish ‘glory’ in ICC events. Since MS Dhoni stepped down from captaincy, the Men in Blue have failed to make it big in global events despite the change in captaincy and personnel change.Moreover, it was during MS Dhoni era that the side clinched the historic treble of lifting the T20 World Cup in 2007, the ODI World Cup in 2011, and the ICC Champions Trophy in 2013. BCCI is now considering securing the services of the former World Cup-winning captain ahead of the forthcoming ICC events.Previously, Dhoni worked with the side last year during the T20 World Cup 2021 in the UAE but that was only limited to the event.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.