Author View : 3.7K2 Min ReadUpdated - Mar 04, 2022, 08:36 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onBabar Azam is keen to bring his A-game out as Pakistan host Australia in the first Test of the three-match series. The encounter gets underway on Friday (March 4) at the Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium. With the likes of Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, and Nathan Lyon starring in Australia’s bowling attack, no run will come easy for Pakistan and Azam is aware of the same.Notably, Azam led Karachi Kings in the recently-concluded Pakistan Super League (PSL) 2022, where the side endured a horrendous campaign. With nine defeats in 10 games, the Kings finished at the last place in the team standings. Notably, this was Azam’s maiden assignment as Karachi skipper as he replaced all-rounder Imad Wasim ahead of the season.He even did well with the bat, scoring 343 runs in 10 outings. However, his contributions didn’t help the Karachi-based much. Nonetheless, Azam is determined to find his groove against the Aussies. “Ups and downs are part of the game. I hope to get back in the top groove during the Test series against Australia,” Azam told reporters on the eve of the game.“Whatever time I had at my disposal, I worked hard on my game and hopefully would be in best of form in the series,” he added. Notably, this is Australia’s first assignment on Pakistan soil since 1998. Hence, many eyes will be on this series and both sides must leave stones unturned to get the favourable result.“It is a huge honour to play this series since the trophy has been named after legends of the game Richie Benaud and Abdul Qadir. As a team we are very excited that Australia are touring after 24 years, we want to make this a memorable series and the entire squad remains focused and determined to deliver the goods,” asserted Azam.“Our fans have been strength for us in the recent past, they have come to cheer us, shown their love and support through social media and have backed us by watching us on their TV screens. My request would be for them to turn up at the venue and give us full backing and support,” he further added.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.