Jr. Staff Writer View : 1773 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 06, 2022, 12:25 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onNew Zealand Women will be locking horns with Bangladesh in the third T20I at the John Davies Oval in Queenstown on Wednesday, December 7. The White Ferns have already sealed the series having won the first two games comprehensively and they would now be aiming for a clean sweep. At the same time, the hosts would also want to ensure that they do not get complacent in any manner.New Zealand have been totally outstanding both with the bat and ball. Their best performance so far was during the opening fixture where they skittled out the Asia side for a paltry 32 runs as they successfully defended 164 to come out on top by a mammoth margin on 132 runs.The Bangladeshis on the other hand have a lot of work to do and need to fight hard in this dead-rubber contest to salvage pride by registering a consolation win. A victory here would go a long way in boosting their morale ahead of the upcoming three One Day Internationals against the same opposition.Venue: John Davies Oval, QueenstownDate and Time: December 7, 6:30 AM ISTTelecast: Sony Sports Network and Sony LIVThe wicket at the John Davies surface is expected to be a balanced one. The bowlers could get some assistance from the pitch early on and batting might get a little better as the contest progresses. Nonetheless, both teams would be looking to stick to their strengths and the captain winning the toss will bat first.Sophie Devine (c), Suzie Bates, Amelia Kerr, Georgia Plimmer, Maddy Green, Lauren Down, Isabella Gaze (wk), Hayley Jensen, Eden Carson, Lea Tahuhu, Jess KerrMurshida Khatun, Fargana Hoque, Nigar Sultana (c & wk), Ritu Moni, Fahima Khatun, Rumana Ahmed, Shohely Akhter, Salma Khatun, Jahanara Alam, Shanjida Akter, Sobhana MostaryNew Zealand skipper Sophie Devine might have only scored 19 runs in the last game, but she had scored a match-winning 45 runs off 34 deliveries in the series opener. She is one of the dangerous batters for the Kiwis especially in home conditions and is nearly unstoppable once she is well set at the crease.Lea Tahuhu has been one of the standout performers for New Zealand with the ball in hand for a while. She was outstanding in the last game as she registered a match-winning four-wicket haul to finish with figures of 4/6 from her four overs at an astonishing economy rate of 1.5.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.