Indian Premier League, 2022 | 25 May 2022, Wed, 7:30 PM IST | Eden Gardens, KolkataMatch Starts InDaysHrsMinsSecFall of Wickets4-1 (Faf du Plessis, 0.5), 70-2 (Virat Kohli, 8.3), 86-3 (Glenn Maxwell, 10.3), 115-4 (Mahipal Lomror, 13.1)Fall of Wickets8-1 (Quinton de Kock, 0.6), 41-2 (Manan Vohra, 4.3), 137-3 (Deepak Hooda, 14.4), 173-4 (Marcus Stoinis, 17.3), 180-5 (KL Rahul, 18.4), 180-6 (Krunal Pandya, 18.5)SeriesIndian Premier LeagueDate & Time25 May 2022, Wed, 7:30 PM ISTToss-VenueEden Gardens, KolkataUmpiresJayaraman Madanagopal(India), Michael Gough(England), Virender Sharma(India, TV)Match RefereeManu Nayyar(India)Weather ReportWin PredictionPitch ConditionAvg 1st Inning ScoreLucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Dream11 Prediction, Fantasy Cricket Tips, Dream11 Team, Playing XI, Pitch Report, Injury Update of Tata IPL 2022 match between Lucknow Super Giants and Royal Challengers Bangalore. They will play against each other for the second time in this season of the Tata IPL.Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Tata IPL 2022 Eliminator Match Details:The Eliminator match of the Tata IPL 2022 will see Lucknow Super Giants facing off against Royal Challengers Bangalore on 25th May at the Eden Gardens, Kolkata.For all the Dream11 Tips and Fantasy Cricket Live Updates, follow us on Cricketaddictor Telegram Channel.This game is scheduled to start at 7:30 PM IST and the live action can be viewed on Star Sports Network while the live scores can be tracked on the CricketAddictor website.Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Tata IPL 2022 Eliminator Match Preview:Lucknow Super Giants and Royal Challengers Bangalore will be taking on each other in the Eliminator of the Tata IPL 2022 at the Eden Gardens, Kolkata. Both the teams have made their way to the playoffs by showing some outstanding performances in the group stages.The debutant team Lucknow Super Giants won 9 of their 14 matches in the group stages and ended at the third position on the points table. On the other hand, the boys from Bangalore won 8 of their 14 games to cut, they ended at the fourth spot on the points table.For Lucknow Super Giants, their batting has been the most crucial factor in their success so far. Two of the 3 leading run-scorers of the tournament are from Lucknow, KL Rahul (537 runs), and Quinton de Kock (502 runs). Apart from the opening duo, Deepak Hooda has also amassed 406 runs for the side. In the bowling department, Avesh Khan has been hugely impressive. The pacer has hunted 17 scalps this season so far.For Royal Challengers Bangalore, bowling has been their key so far. Wanindu Hasaranga has scalped 24 wickets while Harshal Patel has picked 18 wickets for the franchise. In the batting department, skipper Faf du Plessis has shown great consistency and has added 443 runs in 14 games so far. Glenn Maxwell has been contributing with both bat and ball for the side. The out-of-form appearing Virat Kohli looked in fantastic touch in the last game and would be hoping to continue his excellent run in the playoffs as well.The last time these two teams met, Royal Challengers Bangalore won the game by 18 runs. The winner of this match will meet the loser of Qualifier 1 in Qualifier 2 of the tournament, for a place in the finals. The loser of this game will be eliminated. The mouth-watering contest is anticipated to be between the bowlers of Bangalore and the batters of Lucknow.Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Tata IPL 2022 Eliminator Match Weather Report:The temperature is expected to hover around 30°C on the matchday with 75% humidity and 12 km/hr wind speed. There are 37% chances of precipitation during the game.Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Tata IPL 2022 Eliminator Match Pitch Report:The Eden Gardens is allowed a better batting track although spinners manage to come into action as the game progresses. The fast bowlers also have had some success on this pitch early on ever since the soil used for this pitch was changed. The pitch is predicted to behave similarly in this match as well.Average 1st innings score:The average first innings score on this wicket is 160 runs.Record of chasing teams:The team batting second has great records here. They have maintained a winning percentage of 60 on this ground.Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Tata IPL 2022 Eliminator Match Injury Update:(Will be added when there is an update)Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Tata IPL 2022 Eliminator Match Probable XIs:Lucknow Super Giants: Quinton de Kock (wk), KL Rahul (c), Evin Lewis, Deepak Hooda, Krunal Pandya, Marcus Stoinis, Jason Holder, Krishnappa Gowtham, Mohsin Khan, Avesh Khan, Ravi BishnoiRoyal Challengers Bangalore: Virat Kohli, Faf du Plessis (c), Rajat Patidar, Glenn Maxwell, Mahipal Lomror, Dinesh Karthik (wk), Shahbaz Ahmed, Wanindu Hasaranga, Harshal Patel, Josh Hazlewood, Siddarth KaulTop Picks For Dream11 Prediction and Fantasy Cricket Tips:Deepak Hooda is a right-handed batsman from Lucknow Super Giants. He marked just 13 runs in the last head-to-head game against Royal Challengers Bangalore but can play a big role here.Jason Holder is a right-handed batsman from Lucknow Super Giants. He smashed 16 runs and took 2 wickets in the last head-to-head match against Royal Challengers Bangalore. He will be an important player to consider for this match as well.Glenn Maxwell is a right-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler from Royal Challengers Bangalore. He smacked 23 runs and grabbed 1 wicket in the last head-to-head match against Lucknow Super Giants. He will be among the top fantasy picks here.Josh Hazlewood is a left-handed batsman and right-arm medium fast bowler from Royal Challengers Bangalore. He picked up 4 wickets in the last head-to-head game against Lucknow Super Giants and can come in handy with the ball once again in this match.Harshal Patel is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium fast bowler from Royal Challengers Bangalore. He hunted 2 wickets in the last head-to-head game against Lucknow Super Giants and will be hoping to play a huge role in this match.Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Tata IPL 2022 Eliminator Match Captain and Vice-Captain Choices:Captain – Faf du Plessis, Virat KohliVice-Captain – Deepak Hooda, Harshal PatelSuggested Playing XI No.1 for Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Dream11 Team:Keepers – KL Rahul, Quinton de KockBatsmen – Virat Kohli, Faf du Plessis (C), Deepak Hooda (VC)All-rounders – Jason Holder, Glenn MaxwellBowlers – Wanindu Hasaranga, Avesh Khan, Mohsin Khan, Harshal PatelLucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Dream11 Prediction Fantasy Cricket Tips Dream11 Team Tata IPL 2022 Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Dream11 PredictionSuggested Playing XI No.2 for Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Dream11 Team:Keepers – KL Rahul, Quinton de KockBatsmen – Virat Kohli (C), Faf du Plessis, Marcus Stoinis, Rajat PatidarAll-rounders – Glenn Maxwell, Krunal PandyaBowlers – Wanindu Hasaranga, Mohsin Khan, Harshal Patel (VC)Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Dream11 Prediction Fantasy Cricket Tips Dream11 Team Tata IPL 2022 Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Dream11 PredictionLucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Tata IPL 2022 Eliminator Match Expert Advice:Faf du Plessis will be a top captaincy choice for the mini grand leagues as well as small leagues. Virat Kohli will make a decent captaincy choice for the grand leagues.Rajat Patidar and Krunal Pandya are among the punt picks here. The best-suggested fantasy/Dream11 combination for this game is 2-3-2-4.Lucknow Super Giants vs Royal Challengers Bangalore Tata IPL 2022 Eliminator Match Probable Winners:Considering the team combination, Royal Challengers Bangalore is expected to win this match.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.