Jr. Staff Writer View : 2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Oct 01, 2022, 10:27 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe Jamaica Tallawahs staged a remarkable comeback to win the Caribbean Premier League 2022 title, thanks in large part to an unbeaten 83*(50) from opener Brandon King, who powered Tallawahs' innings. With a brisk 86-run stand, King and Shamarh Brooks laid the groundwork for the run chase as the Barbados Royals were outclassed in the final.Royals were the top pick going into the final because they had only lost two games during the league stage and had dominated their way into the final with a thumping victory in the first qualifier. The Tallawahs, on the other hand, had the toughest road to the championship because they had to succeed in three games in a row after barely making their way through the playoffs by taking fourth place in the points table.Brooks, who had notched up a ton in the previous game, continued his good form and added a quick 33-ball 47 after the Jamaica Tallawahs lost their opener Kennar Lewis for a golden duck in the very first over of the chase. The top-order batters did not lose their composure, and managed the game brilliantly thereon, completing a major chunk of the chase.While King played a slow knock during the powerplay, it was Brooks who dominated and got his team on track after a sluggish start. He aimed at the fences, and kept finding gaps for boundaries to keep the chase going.King finally got going and joined Brooks in the boundary-hitting spree. King also used that time to demonstrate his dominance as the Royals were signiﬁcantly outplayed. Tallawahs had accelerated to 86 by the midway point and already had their sights set on the prize.Tallawahs maintained their hold on the game despite Brooks' dismissal, which offered the Royals a chance to redeem themselves in the game. King, who had been on 30 off 28 till that point, gained control of the game by launching a blitz of boundaries that stunned the opponents.The opener smashed Joshua Bishop for four boundaries in a single over, thereby reducing the required run rate.  The table-toppers eventually lost hope when Corbin Bosch gave away 17 runs in an over. King hit a six to secure an astonishing victory with 23 balls remaining after Mujeeb Ur Rahman's horrendous outing as he conceded 20 runs off one single over.Earlier, comprehensive efforts by the Royals’ top-order batters helped the side post a total of 161/7. While Azam Khan hit a half-century, openers Rahkeem Cornwall and Kyle Mayers added 36 and 29 runs respectively before Fabian Allen stormed through the top-order lineup. The middle-order failed to fire as Nicholson Gordon picked up three wickets, thereby restricting the Royals from scoring big.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.