Jr. Staff Writer View : 1.8K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 29, 2022, 18:31 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe India A squad started their first of the two unofficial four-day Tests at the Sheikh Kamal International Cricket Stadium, Cox's Bazar on Tuesday, November 29. However, the visitors did have some luck go their way on the opening day itself.Meanwhile, it was a complete blunder from the on-field umpire who did not even think twice about referring India A captain Abhimanyu Easwaran's run out after the Bangladesh A players claimed to have found him short of his crease.The incident happened in the ninth over of the visitors’ innings. On the third delivery, Easwaran slightly pushed the ball and called for a quick yet risky single as the non-striker Yashasvi Jaiswal obliged instantly.However, the fielder who was placed at mid-on was very alert of the situation and he sprinted off to collect the ball after which he hit the bull’s eye at the non-strikers’ end as the Bangladesh A players appealed collectively.The on-field umpire didn't look interested and turned down the appeal much to the dismay of the hosts who were really disappointed with the final outcome of what was a brilliant fielding effort. Replays showed that the batter was just a few inches short of his crease when the bails were dislodged and had it been referred then it would have been curtains down for Abhimanyu Easwaran.Watch the video here:pic.twitter.com/dcgNwU0l6B

Nonetheless, Abhimanyu Easwaran lived to fight another day and also ensured that he made the most of his early lifeline by slamming a half-century. He along with Yashasvi Jaiswal took the Bangladesh A bowlers to the cleaners whenever they got a chance and finished the day’s play with an unbeaten 120-run stand.Easwaran remained unbeaten on 53 while Jaiswal scored 61 not out. India A now enjoy a lead of eight runs and would be hoping to post a mammoth score in their first innings. Earlier in the day, the India A bowlers showcased stupendous performances to bundle out Bangladesh A for a paltry total of 112. Saurabh Kumar (4/23) and Navdeep Saini (3/21) were the picks of the bowlers for the visitors.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.