Jr. Staff Writer View : 5204 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 04, 2022, 12:48 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onAn enthralling fifth day’s play in the Perth Test between Australia and West Indies saw the hosts taking a lead of 1-0 in the two-match Test series. West Indies started the day at 192 for 3 with Kraigg Brathwaite battling single handedly at one end of the crease and it was down to the skipper to rescue his side with a huge task on hands.Kyle Mayers, who is yet to make a considerable contribution in the longest format since his historic double century, yet again fell prey to Nathan Lyon early in the morning after adding just ten runs. Few overs later, the Australian off-spinner bowled a beauty of a delivery to end the skipper Braithwaite’s hard-fought knock while Jason Holder’s 35-ball stay for three runs did not bear any fruit.  Wicketkeeper-batter Joshua da Silva looked shaky throughout his innings and Hazlewood managed to dismiss him for 12 runs to help Australia reach closer to victory. At 233 for 7, it looked like the end of the road for the visitors until Alzarri Joseph and Roston Chase kept the hopes alive with a crucial partnership.  Joseph, in particular, tried to take on Lyon on few occasions and his efforts were rewarded with a 72-ball 43 which comprised three sixes and four fours. Chase, on the other end, helped him around with a stubborn display. With Cummins injured, Australia had to turn back to Travis Head more often and he ended the partnership of 82 runs for the eighth wicket for the West Indies.Chase got to a well-made half-century, however, Lyon won the battle finally to end the hopes for West Indies as they were bundled up for 333 in the final innings in 110.5 overs. The 164-run margin of victory was massive for the host nation and Marnus Labuschagne bagged the Player of the Match award for his double century and a century in the same Test. No one likes losing a game. But given the context of who the West indies were playing against and where they played; there were some encouraging signs from the team. If they can build on this spirit shown by their captain and others then they can continue moving upwards.

Interesting fact despite lose this match wi still has not lost any series yet in this wtc cycle , they levelled series vs Pak , won series from England and Bangladesh #Australia #AUSvWI #AUSvsWI #AUS #WTC23 #WIvAUS #WIvsAUS #cricketnation #CricketTwitter #cricket #TestCricket

Australia spin their way to win at Perth with 8 wickets being shared by the offies. Nathan Lyon doing bulk of the damage with a 6-for and Travis Head chipping in with 2 wickets as well #AUSvsWI #AUSvWI

To be fair to the Windies did score 300+ in the last innings. Thought they be rolled for 200. Think they can be competitive in a few years if they stay together. Not a complete failure, just a few years off #Ausvswi #TestCricket

I’m going into niche areas. Cricket really needs to rethink and modernise conventions on margins. The 164-run margin doesn’t show how one-sided this game was. 6/780 to 20/616. A 14-wicket result tells a more accurate story (though try explaining that to cricket newbies) #AUSvWI

Special from #NathanLyon to have that consistency in Aus conditions ..don't think any team can succeed in tests there without showing attacking intent against him.#AusvWI #AusvsWI #WIvAus #WivsAus #Cricket

Khemraj Chanderpaul, who is Shivnarine’s father, has groomed, trained with and produced two international cricketers in his son Shiv and his grandson Brandon Chanderpaul. Is there a coaching method we in the caribbean need to be asking him about?

End of an incredible fight back by West Indies captain Kraigg Brathwaite: 64(166) & 110(188) at Perth when there was not much support from the other end. pic.twitter.com/brwwTuJ2eAThe #MenInMaroon go down in the 1st test after taking the game into the 5th day #AUSvWI pic.twitter.com/FRBojO8FY8

More than 12 months after accepting the role, Pat Cummins is yet to lose a series as Australian captain.Home Tests vs ENG, 4-0Away Tests vs PAK, 1-0Away Tests vs SL, 1-1Home ODIs vs ENG, 3-0Home Tests vs WI, 1-0*#AUSvWI

Australia win 🎉Nathan Lyon sends West Indies packing with a match-winning six-for 🔥Watch the #AUSvWI series live on https://t.co/CPDKNxpgZ3 (in select regions) 📺#WTC23 | Scorecard: https://t.co/YyderoqpP2 pic.twitter.com/3Il9j6hBNL



© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.