Author View : 2.1K2 Min ReadUpdated - Sep 11, 2022, 22:35 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onPakistan and Sri Lanka reached the finals of the 2022 Asia Cup ahead of the champions and favorites team India. Both teams managed to win their Super-Four clash against India and Afghanistan despite some early struggles in the group stages. Sri Lanka won all three Super-Four matches, including a big win against Pakistan in the latest match, to enter the final as favorites.Sri Lanka deserve their place in the finals with a consistent all-round display throughout the tournament. Sri Lanka's big knocks came from the opening pair of Pathum Nissanka and Kusal Mendis but their entire bowling unit has contributed in the team's success so far. Four bowlers have already taken five or more wickets and are expected to add more in the finals. Their leading wicket-taker Dilshan Madushanka, 21, made his international debut in this tournament alongside Asitha Fernando and Pramod Madhusan.Pakistan are less consistent, compared to Sri Lanka, with their batting performance in this tournament with only Mohammad Rizwan scoring 100-plus runs so far. But their bowlers have been sensational throughout the tournament and have guided Pakistan to final. Pakistan lost their star pacer Shaheen Afridi to injury but his absence has been barely noticed by fans so far. The 19-year-old Naseem Shah and Mohammad Hasnain, have been leading the pace attack and the star spin duo of Shadab Khan and Mohammad Nawaz caused trouble for the teams.The former Indian cricketer Nikhil Chopra is also impressed with the bowling attack from both the teams so far. When asked about how Pakistan and Sri Lanka's bowling units will fare in the upcoming T20 World Cup in Australia, he stated that both the teams will prove dangerous in Australian conditions. "It is no doubt that both teams have a strong bowling attack. The way Pakistani pacers are using pace is impressive. Shaheen Afridi is going to be there (World Cup), and Haris Rauf and Naseem Shah are taking wickets regularly. In the middle overs, Shadab is also bowling well. Sri Lanka have quality spin options as well. The young left-arm pacers have been able to swing the ball. Both the teams will prove dangerous in Australian conditions where pace and bounce will be key factors," Nikhil Chopra said in BatBricks7 presents Run Ki Runneeti show on CricTracker before the Pakistan-Sri Lanka final clash.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.