Jr. Staff Writer View : 5K3 Min ReadUpdated - Jul 06, 2022, 14:22 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe third edition of the Lanka Premier League (LPL) will commence on 31st July, and the squads for the five participating teams have been finally molded after the Lanka Premier League Player Draft, which took place on 5th July. Carlos Brathwaite, Imad Wasim, and Dwaine Pretorius were the marquee signings of the much-awaited draft.The 20-round Draft included a total of 353 players, among which 180 foreign players were selected by the franchises. A total of 173 Sri Lankan players will also represent the teams in the tournament, as each team’s roster will comprise 20 players, consisting of 14 Sri Lankans and six foreigners. Formerly known as Kandy warriors and Kandy Tuskers, Kandy Falcons secured the services of T20 stalwart and former West Indies T20I captain Carlos Brathwaite. They also snapped up the competition’s highest wicket-taker Wanindu Hasaranga with hopes for a better outing this term.Kandy Falcons squad: Carlos Brathwaite, Wanindu Hasaranga, Chamika Karunaratne, Kamindu Mendis, Fabian Allen, Chris Green, Andre Fletcher, Isuru Udana, Dewald Brevis, Matheesha Pathirana, Ashen Bandara, Usman Shinwari, Ashan Priyanjan, Minod Bhanuka, Avishka Perera, Ashian Daniel, Malinda Pushpakumara, Janith Liyanage, Lasith Abeyratne, Kavin BandaraThe defending champions made shrewd business in the draft as they secured explosive batter Evin Lewis along with veteran all-rounders Thisara Perera and Shoaib Malik. Young Dunith Wellalage, who was impressive against the Australians in the T20I series for Sri Lanka, will also don the jersey of the most successful team in the league.Jaffna Kings squad: Evin Lewis, Thisara Perera, Hardus Viljoen, Dhananjaya De Silva, Shoaib Malik, Maheesh Theekshana, Dunith Wellalage, Praveen Jayawickrama, Shahnawaz Dahani, Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Binura Fernando, Tristan Stubbs, Suminda Lakshan, Sadeera Samarawickrama, Dilshan Madushanka, Nipun Dhananjaya, Vijayakanth Viyaskanth, Theesan Vidushan, T. Dinoshan, Ashan RandikaThe runner-ups in both the previous editions of the tournament Galle Gladiators will hope to go one better this season. They were able to secure the services of Pakistani star Imad Wasim and Sri Lankan batter Kusal Mendis, who displayed great form in the recently concluded ODI series against Australia.Galle Gladiators squad: Imad Wasim, Danushka Gunathilaka, Faheem Asraf, Dushmantha Chameera, Kusal Mendis, Lakshan Sandakan, Nuwan Thushara, Pulina Tharanga, Janneman Malan, Qais Ahmad, Azam Khan, Sarfaraz Ahamed, Nuwanidu Fernando, Nimesh Vimukthi, Movin Subasingha, Nipun Malinga, Sachindu Colombage, Lakshan Gamage, Tharindu Kaushal, Sammu AshamThe Dambulla Giants squad is looking great on paper after they managed to snap up Australia’s D’Arcy Short and Ben Cutting. Sri Lanka’s hottest commodity and white ball captain Dasun Shanaka will also feature for the team this term along with compatriot Bhanuka Rajapaksa. Tim Seifert is another player the other teams will need to look out for because of his power-hitting ability in this format.Dambulla Giants squad: D’Arcy Short, Dasun Shanaka, Ben Cutting, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Chaturanga de Silva, Ramesh Mendis, Nuwan Pradeep, Tharindu Ratnayake, Sandeep Lamichhane, Tim Siefert, Haider Ali, Sheldon Cottrel, Pramod Madushan, Lasith Crosspulle, Kalana Perera, Dilum Sudeera, Sachitha Jayatilaka, Dushan Hemantha, Sasha De Alwis, Ravindu FernandoAnother team who did some smart decisions in the draft are Colombo Stars. The Colombo-based franchise secured the signature of global South African star Dwaine Pretorius and also managed to snap up veteran Angelo Mathews, along with explosive opener Niroshan Dickwella. It will be interesting to see the progress of Dominic Drakes, who has impressed in the ongoing T20 Blast.Colombo Stars squad: Dwaine Pretorius, Angelo Mathews, Asif Ali, Charith Asalanka, Niroshan Dickwella, Naveen Ul-Haq, Dinesh Chandimal, Karim Janat, Seekkuge Prasanna, Jeffrey Vandersay, Dominic Drakes, Fazalhaq Farooqi, Dhananjaya Lakshan, Ishan Jayaratne, Muditha Lakshan, Lakshitha Manasinghe, Kevin Koththigoda, Chathuranga Kumara, Navod Paranavithana, Chamod Battage© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.