Author View : 1.5K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 05, 2022, 15:56 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) made a major announcement just minutes before India’s first ODI against Bangladesh and revealed that Rishabh Pant was revealed from the squad. It came as a shock for many as the wicketkeeper-batter had been in the news of late for his form, and was expected to be a part of the playing combination as well.Ever since he was released from the squad, rumors of him being affected by the Covid-19 virus started spreading. Some even said that the management took disciplinary action against him. The talks around the same increased when his teammate KL Rahul revealed that he had no idea about the decision and that he came to know about it in the dressing room only.“In consultation with the BCCI Medical Team, Rishabh Pant has been released from the ODI squad. He will join the team ahead of the Test series. No replacement has been sought,” BCCI had stated.But according to a report by Cricbuzz, Pant urged the team management to be exempted from the ODI series. Upon his arrival in Dhaka from New Zealand, where he played the T20I and ODI series for India, he spoke with the team's captain Rohit Sharma and coach Rahul Dravid. The report further states that Pant even participated in a net session before making the request.Although the precise reason for his request is unknown, it can be assumed with some level of certainty that neither disciplinary concerns, nor a Covid-19 situation exists. Pant will be returning for the Test series beginning on December 14, after the conclusion of the ODI series, according to the management. Ishan Kishan is a member of the ODI squad and may be called up in the playing combination at any time, which was a reason why the management decided to continue without any replacement player.Another player, who went missing from the playing XI was Axar Patel. While revealing the news about Rishabh Pant, BCCI stated that Patel was not available for selection for the first game. Reports suggest that Patel faced an injury while batting in the nets, but he is expected to be back soon. India will face Bangladesh for the second ODI on Wednesday, December 7, at the same venue- the Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.