Author View : 1.4K3 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 06, 2022, 14:15 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe defending champions Jaffna Kings will begin their Lanka Premier League (LPL) 2022 campaign against the Galle Gladiators in the opening fixture of the tournament at the Mahinda Rajapaksa International Stadium in Hambantota on Tuesday, December 6. Both teams will be renewing their rivalry after the last year’s summit clash.While the Kings will be looking to begin their title defence in style, the Gladiators would be eager to avenge last year’s final loss and kickstart their tournament by making a strong statement.The Jaffna Kings will be led by the veteran Sri Lankan all-rounder Thisara Perera once again. It was under Perera that the Jaffna team had won the inaugural edition of the LPL in 2020 and had successfully retained their title last season. They would now be aiming for a hat-trick of LPL championships.The Galle Gladiators, on the other hand, are also a side to watch out for this time around. They will be led by the Lankan batting sensation Kusal Mendis and have the likes of emerging Pakistani players Azam Khan and batting all-rounder Iftikhar Ahmed in their arsenal.Venue: Mahinda Rajapaksa International Stadium, HambantotaDate & Time: December 06, 3:00 PM ISTTelecast & Live Streaming: Sony Sports network and SonyLIVThe Hambantota wicket is usually a very good batting surface. However, the spinners are expected to get some amount of purchase from this wicket. Since it is an afternoon game, batting first is a good option, but with some chances of rain expected, the captain winning the toss would prefer to chase.Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Avishka Fernando, Tom Kohler-Cadmore, Dhananjaya de Silva, Shoaib Malik, Dunith Wellalage, Thisara Perera (C), James Neesham, Maheesh Theekshana, Asitha Fernando, Binura FernandoKusal Mendis (C), Kusal Perera, Nuwanidu Fernando, Iftikhar Ahmed, Azam Khan, Imad Wasim, Nimesh Vimukthi, Movin Subasingha, Lakshan Sandakan, Nuwan Pradeep, Mohammad Hasnain/Anwar AliTom Kohler-Cadmore is in the form of his life and is definitely one of the players to watch out for in the upcoming LPL 2022. Tom would be heading into this competition oozing with confidence as he finished as the second-highest run-getter of the just-concluded Abu Dhabi T10 League 2022 with 289 runs from 10 matches representing the champions Deccan Gladiators.Maheesh Theekshana would be looking to resume from where he had finished in the previous edition. Theekshana finished as the joint-highest wicket-taker of the LPL 2021 registering 16 scalps to his name from 10 matches averaging 16.75 and an economy rate of 6.87 including a four-wicket haul. He would now be looking to create a good first impression by making an impact in the wickets column against the Galle Gladiators.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.