Author View : 2.3K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 02, 2022, 09:54 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe highly anticipated auction list of IPL 2023 was rolled out on Thursday, the 1st of December, with 991 players putting their names in contention for the player auction in Kochi later this month. While 21 players have been put in the highest reserve price band of Rs 2 crore, for the first time ever, no Indian cricketer made it to the coveted band.All-rounders are an invaluable asset to their teams, especially in the shortest format of the game. And it is no surprise that marquee all-round talents like Ben Stokes, Sam Curran, and Cameron Green have been placed in this elite list of players. Stokes, who was the hero for England in the T20 World Cup final against Pakistan last month, is set to go for a high price in the upcoming auction.Meanwhile, his compatriot Sam Curran enhanced his reputation ten folds at the ICC event in Australia and was named the player of the tournament. Previously with the four-time IPL winners Chennai Super Kings (CSK), Curran is also likely to attract several bids in the auction. However, it is the young trailblazing Aussie all-rounder Cameron Green who is likely to initiate a bidding war at the auction on December 23.Apart from the aforementioned stars, Australia's hard-hitting Chris Lynn also makes the list. New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson, along with Adam Milne and Jimmy Neesham, are also placed in the highest price band. England's Tom Banton and Phil Salt might fly under the radar, but they will be a valuable addition to any side in the tournament. The recently axed West Indian skipper Nicholas Pooran also made it to the esteemed list and is likely to go for a steep sum at the mini-auction.Players with 2 crore base price: Nathan Coulter-Nile, Cameron Green, Travis Head, Chris Lynn, Tom Banton, Sam Curran, Chris Jordan, Tymal Mills, Jamie Overton, Craig Overton, Adil Rashid, Phil Salt, Ben Stokes, Adam Milne, Jimmy Neesham, Kane Williamson, Rilee Rossouw, Rassie van der Dussen, Angelo Mathews, Nicholas Pooran, Jason Holder© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.