Author View : 1.9K5 Min ReadUpdated - Aug 28, 2022, 14:37 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onJamaica Tallawahs (JAM-W) will lock horns with St Kitts and Nevis Patriots (SKN) in Semi-final 1 of 6ixty Men 2022. Tallawahs finished at top of the table with two wins in three league matches. In their last outing, they fell short by eight runs and would look to come up with improved performances. The likes of Rovman Powell and Amir Jangoo will hold a key role for them.Patriots tried well in the last game but lost by three runs in chasing a mammoth target of 156. They had a single win in three appearances and were at the fourth spot. The likes of Andre Fletcher and Dominic Drakes have performed well for them.Jamaica Tallawahs vs St Kitts and Nevis Patriots, Semi-Final 1Venue: Basseterre, St.KittsDate & Time: 28th August at 7:30 PM IST and 11:30 AM Local TimeLive Streaming: FanCodeIt has been a belter of a pitch at this venue and has only improved as the tournament has progressed. A total of 110 will be the par score, with the bowlers under the pump throughout the course of the match.(will be added when there is an update)Kennar Lewis, Amir Jangoo (wk), Rovman Powell (c), Fabian Allen, Raymon Reifer, Jamie Merchant Migael Pretorius,Chris Green, Joshua James, Abhijai Mansingh, Marquino MindleyAndre Fletcher (wk), Evin Lewis (c), Chris Gayle, Dewald Brevis, Sherfane Rutherford, Dominic Drakes Duan Jansen, Jeremiah Louis, Jaden Carmichael, Joshua Da Silva, Jon-Russ JaggesarThe experienced campaigner has accumulated 77 runs with a strike rate of 175 and helped the team to top the table.The exciting left-handed slammed 50 off 15 in the last game. In total, Rutherford has garnered 74 runs at a lavish strike rate of 352.38.The swashbuckling batter has amassed 101 runs in three innings at a strike rate of 246.34, with a top score of 57*. In addition, he has scalped three wickets as well.The bowling all-rounder has aced it well with the bat to contributed 56 runs at a strike rate of 200.The southpaw has picked up three wickets in as many appearances and scored 35 runs. In his latest outing, Drakes hit 33 off 10, laced with two fours and four maximums.The proven performer in the shortest format is coming into this game after hitting 33 off 15 in the last fixture.The youngster is the top-scorer in the tournament with 117 runs in three innings at a strike rate of 229.41, while registering 68 as the highest score.Andre Fletcher, Amir Jangoo (c), Sherfane Rutherford, Rovman Powell, Raymon Reifer, Dewald Brevis, Jaden Carmichael, Fabian Allen, Migael Pretorius, Jon Russ Jagessar, Dominic Drakes (vc)Andre Fletcher (vc), Amir Jangoo, Sherfane Rutherford, Rovman Powell (c), Raymon Reifer, Evin Lewis, Jaden Carmichael, Fabian Allen, Joshua James, Jon Russ Jagessar, Dominic DrakesHe has failed big time in the tournament to contribute only 44 runs in three games.The youngster could only be impressive in his knock of 34 off 11 balls, and would be a risky choice due to his inconsistency.The veteran batter has only 37 runs in three innings. In the last game, it took him 16 balls to score an unbeaten 19.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.