Author View : 4942 Min ReadUpdated - Jul 11, 2022, 10:40 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onSri Lanka face another setback as their opening batter Pathum Nissanka has been tested positive for the novel coronavirus midway through the ongoing second Test match against Australia. Even since the series began, five Sri Lanka team members contracted the virus, with Nissanka becoming the sixth. Notably, Sri Lanka lost the first Test and were doing good in the second game before they faced the setback.Yet again, Oshada Fernando has been roped into the side as the substitute. On July 1, Angelo Mathews was ruled out of the first Test midway after returning a covid positive test. Even then, Fernando was named his substitute. Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) broke the news on their official Twitter as it read:“Pathum Nissanka has tested positive for Covid-19. He was found to be positive during an Antigen test conducted on the player yesterday morning, following the player complaining of feeling unwell. A PCR test carried out later in the day confirmed the result. Nissanaka was immediately isolated in a different hotel upon identification and will undergo Covid-19 Protocols Oshada Fernando will join the playing XI as a Covid replacement.”A PCR test carried out later in the day confirmed the result.Nissanaka was immediately isolated in a different hotel upon identification and will undergo Covid-19 ProtocolsOshada Fernando will join the playing XI as a Covid replacement. #SLvAUS— Sri Lanka Cricket 🇱🇰 (@OfficialSLC) July 11, 2022Before Nissanka and Mathews, Praveen Jayawickrama, Dhananjaya de Silva, Asitha Fernando, and Jeffrey Vandersay had tested positive for the virus after they fell sick. Amidst all the cases in the Sri Lankan camp, Australian players and squad members have managed to keep themselves safe from the scare as no sign of covid has been detected in the visitors’ camp.Meanwhile, the Australian tour of Sri Lanka consisted of three T20Is, five ODIs and two Tests. While the visitors managed to win the T20I series by 2-1, the hosts plotted an act of perfect redemption and clinched the ODI series in a historic 3-2 win. While the hosts lost the opening Test, they have made an exceptional comeback in the second and final encounter.Sri Lanka will next host Pakistan for two Test matches starting July 16, scheduled at the Galle International Stadium in Galle and the R. Premadasa Stadium in Colombo. With a majority of their core players out of the squad after testing positive for Covid-19, it is going to be a challenge for Sri Lanka.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.