Jr. Staff Writer View : 2.3K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 04, 2022, 11:33 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onThe first Test between Pakistan and England at the Rawalpindi Stadium has been nothing but a run fest. England with their incredible batting performance became the first team in history to post 500 plus runs on the first day of a Test match. Pakistan on the other hand countered it well and finished on 499/7 after day three but their unit got wrapped up on 579 runs on day four.The curators have been heavily criticised as the flat track has nothing for the bowlers and it is often considered not to be ideal for the longest format of the game. PCB chief Ramiz Raja too didn’t shy to call the pitch to be ‘embarrassing’ and eventually stated that he hasn't ever seen any team batting like England on day one.In the press conference after day three, a Pakistan journalist questioned speedster Naseem Shah about the same. The journalist asked Naseem to state his opinion as Dennis Lillee once mentioned being cremated on a pitch in Faisalabad in his playing days which was like the one at Pindi. Shah replied in a subtle manner but it also gave birth to a controversy. “Sir ab aap mujhe maarne ke chakkar me hain (You are getting into conversations around me dying)” said the Pakistan international.Most action we've had all day pic.twitter.com/pY2nstvcQk

However, the moderator conducting the press conference expressed his concern about the question and got into an argument with the journalist. However, the correspondent established his authority by calling out the moderator stating that he is in the business way before the moderator was born.“Let me ask the question, what kind of behaviour is this? Will you teach me how to talk? You weren't even born when I started out in sports journalism. You will teach me how to talk?” questioned the journalist. Later, Naseem intervened and played the role of a peacemaker between the two. Naseem later asked the moderator to let him ask his questions and apologised as well.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.