Author View : 6413 Min ReadUpdated - Jun 10, 2022, 17:53 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onSri Lanka Cricket Board has announced a 21-member squad for the upcoming five-match ODI series against Australia at home. Star players Wanindu Hasaranga, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, and Dhananjaya de Silva return after missing the last ODI series against Zimbabwe in January. The return of these three international players definitely bolsters their strength against a team like Australia who has named a very strong squad as well.Hasaranga, who’s participating in the ongoing T20I series against the Aussies, was brilliant in the Indian Premier League 2022, scalping 26 wickets in 16 matches. The 24-year-old leg-spinner is now currently one of the best spinners in white-ball cricket and will be looking to make a significant mark against the Aussies. So far, he has taken 29 wickets in as many ODIs with an average of 37.9 and an economy rate of 5.03.Bhanuka Rajapaksa is also included in the squad but the 30-year-old wicket-keeper batter is struggling for the form and is unlikely to feature in all five matches. Dhananjaya de Silva is currently captaining the Sri Lanka A side against Australia and has done enough to regain his position in the starting eleven. The 35-year-old pacer Nuwan Pradeep is also included alongside Chamika Gunasekera and Shiran Fernando.The 19-year-old all-rounder Dunith Wellalage received his first national team call-up and is expected to get a chance to make his debut. Wellalage came under the limelight for his brilliant performances in ICC U-19 World Cup earlier this year. He scored 264 runs in just six matches at an average of 44.00 and a strike rate of 70.40 with the help of one century and a fifty. But he surprised everyone with his bowing by finishing the tournament as the highest wicket-taker with 17 wickets.Sri Lanka is well placed with star all-rounders but Wellalage is expected to feature in at least one fixture. Meanwhile,  the 28-year-old medium-pacer Pramod Madushan is also in line to make his long-awaited debut for Sri Lanka but is less likely to feature in an over-packed pace attack.Sri Lanka 21-Man ODI squad for Australia Series: Dasun Shanaka (c), Pathum Nissanka, Danushka Gunathilaka, Kusal Mendis, Charith Asalanka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Dinesh Chandimal, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Niroshan Dickwella, Wanindu Hasaranga, Chamika Karunaratne, Dushmantha Chameera, Asitha Fernando, Nuwan Thushara, Ramesh Mendis, Maheesh Theekshana, Praveen Jayawickrama, Jeffrey Vandersay, Lahiru Madushanka, Dunith Wellalage, Pramod Madushan.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.