Jr. Staff Writer View : 9755 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 04, 2022, 12:26 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIndia kickstarted the three-match ODI series against Bangladesh on the latter’s turf on December 4. After the ODIs, the attention will shift to the longest format of the game from December 14. The last time the Men in Blue toured Bangladesh was back in 2015, and on that occasion, the one-off Test-match ended in a stalemate and the ODI series was clinched by the hosts 2-1.As Rohit & co. bid to redeem themselves in the tour, India have selected formidable squads in both formats. Each member of the team has shown his might on the cricket field and has the potential to succeed in Bangladesh. However, it is not certain that the think tank will give chances to every player that is present in their arsenal. The Indian team is likely to pick its best XI and makes necessary changes around it if needed. Therefore, a few of the players might be benched for the entire Bangladesh tour.Rahul Tripathi took the 2022 season of the Indian Premier League by storm with his blistering performances. The 31-year-old featured in 14 games and smashed 413 runs at a phenomenal strike rate of 158.24. Tripathi was outstanding with the bat in the 14th edition too and scored 397 runs in 17 matches at a strike of 140.28.Courtesy of the consistent performances in the cash-rich league, Tripathi received an international call-up for the T20I series against Ireland. However, he failed to break into the playing XI. He was also picked for the ODI series against Zimbabwe but there too, he did not get an opportunity.The ace batter has now been included in India’s ODI squad for the Bangladesh tour but again his chances of making it to the starting XI are quite grim. The Men in Blue already have the likes of Rohit, Shikhar Dhawan, and Virat Kohli in the top-three slots, and Tripathi, who generally bats at the top, might not be able to break into the team. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.