Author View : 3.4K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 23, 2022, 13:34 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onSuryakumar Yadav is in the prime of his life and has been showcasing consistent performances for India in the T20Is for the last few months. This year also saw him registering two centuries in the shortest format. The first one came against England in July and the recent one happened to be against New Zealand.Heaping special praise on Yadav’s purple patch, star Australia all-rounder Glenn Maxwell has said that Cricket Australia (CA) just cannot afford to have the middle-order sensation in the Big Bash League (BBL). Maxwell added that if Yadav needs to be accommodated in the Australian  league, then they will have to sack all the players to arrange money for signing him.“We do not have enough money in our cap to buy Suryakumar Yadav. Cricket Australia will have to sack every player, even the centrally contracted ones to gather the money and hope that he agrees,” said Maxwell while speaking on ‘The Grade Cricketer‘ podcast.“He is frustratingly consistent. Yadav is so much better than everyone else. No player in the Australian side or even in the world comes close to him,” Maxwell added.“Sometimes in the IPL, Jos Buttler comes close to him, but SKY is on a different level. He is stupidly consistent,” said the Aussie power-hitter.As of now, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has clearly refrained India's male cricketers from participating in global franchise leagues. Meanwhile, impressed with his consistency level in T20I cricket, it has been reported that Suryakumar Yadav is in India’s scheme of things in red-ball cricket and will be preferred for the upcoming two-Test series in Bangladesh starting December 14.He might be selected in the place of all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja who is yet to completely recover from a knee injury.Glenn Maxwell on the other hand suffered an awkward leg injury a couple of weeks ago while attending a friend’s birthday party. He underwent successful surgery for the same after which the rehabilitation process started.The leg injury is expected to keep Maxwell sidelined for an indefinite period of time.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.