Jr. Statistician View : 1.5K3 Min ReadUpdated - Mar 08, 2022, 13:35 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onAustralia’s legendary spin bowler Shane Warne passed away due to a suspected heart attack on March 4, 2022, in Thailand aged 52. The spin wizard was found unresponsive in his villa and his news left the entire cricketing world in a state of shock. Arguably, the best leg-spinner of all time, Warne nicknamed ‘Warnie’ had played 145 Tests and taken a massive 708 wickets, which makes him the second-highest wicket-taker in Test cricket.He also appeared in 194 ODI matches, taking 293 scalps with an average of 25.73. The spin king was part of Australia’s World Cup-winning campaign in the year 1999. In that World Cup, he was also the Player of the Match in both the semi-final and the final encounters against South Africa and Pakistan respectively. One of the greatest bowlers of all time, Warnie famously bamboozled former England batter Mike Gatting when he shattered his stumps in Manchester during the Ashes series in 1993. As the ball spun miles, that delivered earned the title ‘Ball of the Century. An iconic name in international cricket, Warnie was also a part of Australia’s five Ashes triumph during his career.Australian cricket legend Shane Warne snared 96 wickets in 15 Test matches in the year 2005, which is the most by any bowler in a calendar year. In 30 innings, the legbreak bowler took five-wicket hauls six times and ten wickets in a match twice. In that year, his best bowling figures in an innings were 6/46 and in a match 12/246.Out of those 96 scalps, 40 came in the famous Ashes series held in England where Warne bowled a spectacular delivery to Andrew Strauss to shatter his stumps, leaving each and everyone stunned with his skillful leg-spin bowling in the Edgbaston Test match. The wicket was as magical as that of Gatting in the 1993 Ashes series. In five matches of the 2005 Ashes, Warne averaged 19.92 with a strike rate of 37.2. Australia lost that series 2-1 but it is regarded as one of the best Test series ever and also remembered for Warne’s individual brilliance throughout the five games.Post International retirement, Warne played for Rajasthan Royals (RR) franchise in the inaugural season of the Indian Premier League (IPL) in 2008 and it turned out to be a great fairy tale. With his top-notch captaincy, against all the odds, Warnie won the title for RR, who were considered as underdogs before the start of the tournament. Nobody gave RR a chance before the season began but Warne with his excellent leadership inspired the youngsters to lift the trophy. While Warne has breathed his last, the tale of his on-field heroics and outgoing personality will continue to inspire many, at least till the time cricket exists. Meanwhile, let’s test your knowledge in this quiz based on Shane Warne’s sensational career© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.