Jr. Staff Writer View : 1203 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 06, 2022, 14:25 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onBangladesh will host India for the second ODI of the three-match series at the same venue, the Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium in Mirpur, on Wednesday, December 7. The hosts will be in great confidence after their victory in the first game and will be looking for another win to clinch the series early by 2-0. The Men in Blue, on the other hand, will be putting their best to win the next game so as to take the series to the decider game.Bangladesh pulled off a miracle in the first ODI when they chased down the 187-run target after being 136/9 in the 40th over. India could manage to score just 186 runs as the Bangladesh bowlers were at their best, especially Shakib Al Hasan and Ebadot Hossain. The two shared nine wickets between themselves, with Shakib claiming a five-wicket haul.The pitch, clearly, was bowler-friendly. After a poor outing with the bat, the Indian bowlers compensated in the second innings as they made it difficult for the hosts to chase the low total. The game turned out to be a low-scoring thriller as Bangladesh needed 47 runs to win in the final 10 overs with just one wicket to spare.It looked like an impossible task for the hosts, but Mehidy Hasan Miraz’s brilliance helped them win the contest. He utilized every opportunity and remained calm and composed under pressure. Mistakes by the Indian fielders led to the bowlers not managing to pick the final wicket as Bangladesh snatched a victory from the jaws of defeat.The Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium's pitch is very slow, as was seen in the first game. Hence the captain winning the toss may decide to bowl first and grab the early advantage. The pitch won’t support the batters much, and thus the bowlers will have an upper hand in the game. A score of around 250 can be considered as a defendable total.BangladeshEven without the services of Taskin Ahmed and Tamim Iqbal, Bangladesh did a tremendous job by defeating India. They would not want to break the momentum by making any changes to their in-form lineup and thus the hosts are likely to go unchanged in the next contest.Probable Playing XI- Najmul Hossain Shanto, Litton Das (c), Anamul Haque, Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), Mahmudullah, Afif Hossain, Mehidy Hasan Miraz, Ebadot Hossain, Hasan Mahmud, Mustafizur RahmanIndiaIt is a must-win game for India. They need to win the remaining two fixtures to win the series. The Indian bowling unit might not require any changes as the bowlers did a tremendous job. India’s batting lineup is very strong and batters have shown good form recently. Thus, India is unlikely to make any changes, except if Axar Patel returns fit for the next game.Probable Playing XI: Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma (c), Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul (wk), Washington Sundar, Axar Patel/Shahbaz Ahmed, Shardul Thakur, Deepak Chahar, Mohammed Siraj, Kuldeep SenPlayed- 37 | Bangladesh- 6 | India- 30 | NR- 01Match Timings- 11:30 AM IST, 12:00 PM LOCALLive Broadcast- Sony Sports NetworkLive Streaming- SonyLiv App© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.