Author View : 2.2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Sep 04, 2022, 21:06 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onBabar Azam is leading Pakistan in their first Super-Four clash against India at the 2022 Asia Cup tournament on Sunday (September 4). Pakistan did easy work on Hong Kong in the last group stage fixture to progress to the next round after their dissapoining defeat against India last Sunday. The 27-year-old batter is yet to make a big impact in this tournament with just 19 runs in two matches so far. He was excellent on Pakistan's latest Netherland tour with three big fifties last month and was tipped to continue that momentum in UAE as well. But, the former Indian cricketer Wasim Jaffer has rated the Pakistani skipper among the top five players of this era."In my opinion, Babar Azam is among the top five players currently," Wasim Jaffer said on 'BatBricks7 Presents Run Ki Runneeti' show via CricTracker before the India-Pakistan clash on Sunday. Last month, former Indian captain Virat Kohli also ranked Babar as current best player across formats.Virat is part of the 'Fab-Four' group of players who are considered as best current players across formats. New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson, former English captain Joe Root and Australian ace batter Steven Smith are the other three players of that group as well. But Babar has been the only player who is dominating all three formats for last few months and Jaffer believes that Babar is in the same league right now. He also stated that the player will get back to his best in the Super-Four stage.“Babar Azam is at such a stage of his career that his name is included when we speak of the top 4 or 5 cricket in grades in the world. And at the moment Pakistan's batting revolves around Babar Azam. So yes if a player like Babar Azam is dismissed for low scores consecutively then there is a sense of concern. But he is a quality player and we will surely get to see him in form during the Super Four stage,” added Jaffer.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.