Jr. Staff Writer View : 6.5K3 Min ReadUpdated - Jun 18, 2022, 10:26 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onWorcestershire will be locking horns with Northamptonshire in the upcoming North Group fixture of the Vitality Blast 2022 at the County Ground, New Road, Worcester on June 18. Both teams have showcased contrasting performances so far. While one team has maintained consistency throughout the season, the other’s campaign has never taken off in the first place and would be hoping to make amends going forward.Worcestershire have been the most inconsistent side of the competition as they continue to languish at the bottom of the points table, having managed just a solitary win from their nine matches including eight losses. They have just two points to their tally at an unimpressive NRR of -1.584. They had gone down to Leicestershire in their last fixture by eight wickets.Northamptonshire, on the other hand, are comfortably placed at the second position in the standings with six victories and two defeats from their nine encounters so far and have 13 points to their tally at a solid net run rate of +0.522. In fact, Northampton had handed a demoralizing 73-run loss to Worcester during their previous meeting last week.Venue: County Ground, New Road, WorcesterDate & Time: June 18, 7:00 PM ISTLive Streaming: Fan CodeThe New Round surface is an extremely good batting surface and a run-fest can be expected when any batter gets set at the crease. At the same time, a high-scoring total can also be posted at this venue with the bowlers getting hardly any assistance over here. It is a perfect batting track and the bowlers could have a tough time in the second innings due to the smaller boundaries as well. Therefore, the captain winning the toss will be looking to bowl first.Brett D’Oliveira, Ed Pollock, Kashif Ali, Colin Munro (c), Jack Haynes, Ben Cox (wk), Ed Barnard, Dwayne Bravo, Josh Baker, Dillon Pennington, Patrick BrownBen Curran, Joshua Cobb (c), Rob Keogh, Saif Zaib, James Neesham, Lewis McManus (wk), Tom Taylor, Graeme White, Ben Sanderson, Alex Russell, Freddie HeldreichChris Lynn was unstoppable in Northamptonshire’s reverse fixture clash against Worcestershire. He literally left the Worcester bowlers clueless with his incredible strokeplay and power-hitting abilities and went on to score a thunderous century. The Aussie T20 batting sensation went on to score an unbeaten 113 off just 57 deliveries as Northamptonshire went on to post a mammoth 220/3.The onus would yet again be on Northampton skipper Joshua Cobb to make an impact with the ball in hand. In fact, Josh Cobb was the pick of the bowlers for his side against Worcestershire where he went on to dismiss half of their side. He finished with figures of 5/25 from his 3.4 overs at an outstanding economy rate of 6.81.Today’s match prediction: Northamptonshire to win the match.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.