Abu Dhabi T10 League, 2022 | 2 Dec 2022, Fri, 5:30 PM IST | Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu DhabiMatch Starts InDaysHrsMinsSecEnd Of Over10Run Scored: 74 w 0 2 1Wd w 0Score After 10 OversTCB Innings - 88/7Vriitya Aravind 10(6)Henry Brookes 2(3)Samuel Cook 0(1)Mitchell Stanley2-0-16-2Mitchell Stanley to Samuel Cook, no run, dot ball!! yorker, outside off, Samuel Cook plays cut,, but fails to act on ball.  Mitchell Stanley to HJH Brookes, no run, Caught out!! good length, outside off, Henry Brookes plays lofted pull, of the backfoot to the mid wicket where Dwayne Bravo completes catch. Gone. Henry Brookes 2(3) c DJ Bravo b Mitchell StanleyMitchell Stanley to HJH Brookes, 1 wide, good length, outside off, Henry Brookes plays but ball was way too far and given wide by the umpire, but fails to act on ball.  Mitchell Stanley to HJH Brookes, 2 runs, full toss, outside off, Henry Brookes plays drive, of the frontfoot to cover for 2 run  Mitchell Stanley to HJH Brookes, no run, dot ball!! bouncer slower ball good length, outside off, Henry Brookes plays cut,, but fails to act on ball.  Mitchell Stanley to Sikandar Raza, no run, Caught out!! full length, on the middle stump, Sikandar Raza plays lofted of the backfoot to the long on where Rahmanullah Gurbaz completes catch. Gone. Sikandar Raza 7(5) c Rahmanullah Gurbaz b Mitchell StanleyMitchell Stanley to Sikandar Raza, Four, full length, on the middle stump Sikandar Raza plays the along the ground flick, of the backfoot to the square leg for four  End Of Over9Run Scored: 104 0 0 4 1 1Score After 9 OversTCB Innings - 81/5Sikandar Raza 3(3)Vriitya Aravind 10(6)Fazalhaq Farooqi2-0-14-0Fazalhaq Farooqi to Sikandar Raza, 1 run, bouncer good length, on the middle stump, Sikandar Raza plays pull, of the backfoot to square leg for 1 run  Fazalhaq Farooqi to V Aravind, 1 run, full length, on the middle stump, Vriitya Aravind plays a push, of the backfoot to mid on for 1 run  Fazalhaq Farooqi to V Aravind, Four, full length, outside off Vriitya Aravind plays the drive, of the frontfoot to the cover for four  Fazalhaq Farooqi to V Aravind, no run, good length, on the middle stump, Vriitya Aravind plays defensive shot, but fails to act on ball.  Fazalhaq Farooqi to V Aravind, no run, dot ball!! good length, on the middle stump, Vriitya Aravind plays, but fails to act on ball.  Fazalhaq Farooqi to V Aravind, Four, full length, outside off Vriitya Aravind plays the drive, down the track of the frontfoot to the mid off for four  © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.