Shane Warne. (Photo by Jamie McDonald/Getty Images)Author View : 1.4K2 Min ReadUpdated - Dec 05, 2022, 12:43 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onShane Warne, considered by many as the greatest leg-spinner to have ever played the game has been elevated to 'Legend' status in the Sport Australia Hall of Fame. The legendary leg-spinner played 145 Test matches for Australia and picked up 708 wickets in the longest format of the game.In ODIs, the maestro picked up 293 wickets in 194 matches at a staggering economy of 4.25. Thus, the Victoria-born to be elevated to 'Legend' status posthumously comes across as a no brainer.Warne retired from international cricket in 2007 and has been conferred with the honour almost 15 years after he hung his international boots. To date, only four other Australian cricketers - Sir Don Bradman, Keith Miller, Richie Benaud and Dennis Lillee, have been presented with the honour and Warne becomes the fifth cricketer to be a part of the elite list.Along with the Sheikh of Tweak, the late Australian distance running champion Ron Clarke has also been elevated to the ‘Legend’ status. Since 1993, only 44 of Australia’s sporting icons have been officially recognised as a 'Legend' and as per Jon Bertrand, the chairman of Sports Australia Hall of Fame, the two latest inductees symbolise everything that’s great about Australian sports.“We are thrilled to announce their well-deserved elevation to Legend status within the Sport Australia Hall of Fame. Shane Warne and Ron Clarke are the true definition of Legends. Inspirations to all Australians. They symbolise everything that is great about sport in Australia,” said the chairman.Both the legendary sportspersons will be honoured on Thursday, December 8 and as per reports, Shane Warne’s father, Keith Warne will attend the ceremony along with former Australia skipper Allan Border.During the state funeral of 'Warnie' (fondly called by teammates) at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) earlier in the year, Keith delivered an emotional speech pertaining to Warne’s life. He described the death of his son as ‘the darkest day’ in their family's life.Following the tragic incident, Cricket Australia dedicated a stand to Warne at the iconic Melbourne Cricket Ground as a tribute while the Sky Sports commentary box at the iconic Lord’s has also been renamed after the great cricketer.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.