Author View : 9992 Min ReadUpdated - Aug 13, 2022, 17:48 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onNew Delhi, 13 August, 2022: Pretoria Capitals announced two signings ahead of the inaugural edition of Cricket South Africa’s T20 League, on August 13. The South African pace duo of Anrich Nortje and Migael Pretorius are now ready to roar Capitals style.Speaking on the development, Parth Jindal, Owner, Pretoria Capitals said, “Anrich Nortje has been an integral part of the growth and success of Delhi Capitals. So, when we decided to expand our cricketing footprint to his country, he was always going to be an automatic choice for us. I believe Anrich will bring to Pretoria Capitals the same kind of fiery performances and off-field calmness we’ve seen him display at DC. I’d also like to welcome Migael Pretorius, who boasts of an impressive domestic track record, to our Capitals family.”“It is indeed a proud moment for us, as Delhi Capitals is now beyond Delhi,” Jindal said. “South Africa is no doubt one of the world’s biggest sports loving nations, and we can’t wait to enthral the fans there with our passionate brand of cricket.”Anrich Nortje, who has donned the South African colours since 2019, has played 30 games for the Delhi Captials over three Indian Premier League seasons, with 43 wickets to his name. The 27-year-old Pretorius, on the other hand, has taken over 50 domestic T20 wickets, and is yet to make his international debut.The Pretoria-based franchise has joined the bandwagon of roping in players from their corresponding IPL franchises, as the RPSG group owned Durban franchise announced the signings of Quinton de Kock, Jason Holder and Kyle Mayers, who all were a part of IPL team Lucknow Super Giants, owned by the same group.Similarly, MI Cape Town, owned by the Reliance Group, the owners of the Mumbai Indians at the IPL, roped in Dewald Brevis, who made his IPL debut with the Mumbai-based franchise in 2022. Paarl Royals, the corresponding franchise of the Rajasthan Royals from IPL, signed up Jos Buttler, David Miller, Obed McCoy and Corbin Bosch. Whole Buttler, McCoy and Bosch are currently associated with RR at the IPL, Miller has previously been associated with the team.The inaugural edition of the T20 league in South Africa will comprise six franchises, and a world-class line up of domestic and international cricketers. The tournament will be played in January-February next year.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.