Author View : 7342 Min ReadUpdated - Jun 10, 2022, 19:17 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onSri Lanka Cricket wishes to inform you that the 3rd Edition of the Lanka Premier League (LPL), will take place from 31st July to 21st August 2022. The much-awaited tournament which is Sri Lanka’s topmost domestic T20 league, with an international flavor, will be played at the RPICS, Colombo, and the MRICS, Hambantota. The RPICS, Colombo will host the initial games of the 5-team tournament, while later the competition will shift to MRICS, Hambantota.‘’We are extremely happy to announce the 3rd edition of the Lanka Premier League, which has started well its journey toward carving a place in the global T20 League competitions, as a formidable tournament,’’ said Mr. Shammi Silva, President, Sri Lanka Cricket. The tournament in total will play 24 games, while registration of International Players for the Player Draft of the ‘Lanka Premier League’ will commence shortly. IPG Group is the Official Right Holders of Lanka Premier League (LPL) for 2020-2024.Talking about the tournament, The inception of LPL was done in 2018 by the Sri Lankan Cricket Board. But due to administrative issues, it was postponed on several occasions. The tournament finally got the green light in 2020 and commenced during the restrictions of the Covid-19. The tournament features five teams taking part each year. Jaffna Stallions (now Jaffna Kings) won the inaugural LPL title in 2020 and backed it up by winning a 2nd consecutive title by defeating Galle Gladiators in last year’s final.The competition features numerous talented Sri Lankan players, who share the limelight with some of the most renowned international players. Sri Lanka’s spin sensation Wanindu Hasaranga is the most successful bowler in the tournament’s history, with 28 wickets to his name.Last year’s Player of the Tournament, Aviska Fernando is one of the most sought-after players in the league and was the 2nd highest run-getter in 2021. His captain Thisara Parera will be looking to make it a hat-trick of titles, heading into this year’s tournament.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.