Author View : 11K6 Min ReadUpdated - Oct 09, 2022, 10:40 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onIndia won their last two T20I series against Australia and South Africa by a 2-1 margin at home to boost up their confidence before the upcoming T20 World Cup 2022 which is scheduled to kick-off on October 16. But in the combined six T20Is against Australia and South Africa, Indian bowlers conceded 180-plus totals in four innings.Indian bowlers' latest struggles are mostly due to the absence of star pacer Jasprit Bumrah, who has been ruled out of the T20 World Cup 2022 due to a back injury. But Ravindra Jadeja's absence was also felt during the same as primary spinner Yuzvendra Chahal is struggling for consistency.Indian team have reached Australia without the injured duo of Jadeja and Bumrah and that is likely to hurt them in the World Cup.Jadeja's injury came in an adventure activity during the Asia Cup 2022 in UAE, which made no sense at all. Reports also suggested that the adventure activity was not a part of India's training module and that the injury could have been avoided. Jadeja is not the only cricketer to miss an entire World Cup or a World Cup game due to a wierd reason, there are certain other players who are a part of the same list. Let's look at them:New Zealand's wicketkeeper batter was involved in one of the freakiest injury incidents in cricket history. During the T20 World Cup 2021 semi-final clash against England on November 10, Conway injured himself which eventually ruled him out of the final clash against Australia.While chasing a 167-run target, the Kiwi batter was stumped by Jos Buttler off a Liam Livingstone delivery. Conway was batting on 46 runs off 37 balls and New Zealand still needed 72 runs to win the game. Conway was clearly frustrated with himself and punched his bat with his right fist. Despite having padded gloves, he fractured his pinky finger.A scan after the game confirmed a fracture in his pinky finger and he was ruled out of the summit clash due to a self-inflicted injury. Conway was having a decent World Cup with 129 runs in six innings but he missed the final against Australia due to a moment of frustration.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.