Jr. Staff Writer View : 2.2K2 Min ReadUpdated - Oct 17, 2022, 16:32 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onNew Zealand's Sophie Devine starred for reigning WBBL champions Perth Scorchers in their emphatic victory over Sydney Thunder on Sunday, 16th of October. While the veteran Kiwi stole the show with the bat in hand in the first match, her distinguished celebration after claiming a wicket in Perth's second match against Hobart Hurricanes caught the eyes of the viewers. Devine pulled out the famous 'SIUUUU' celebration, a trademark of global football icon Cristiano Ronaldo after claiming a wicket in the match.Devine, who re-signed for defending champions Perth Scorchers ahead of the current season, had a memorable outing in their first game of the WBBL 2022. Although she couldn't replicate the heroics from the previous match, Devine managed to get rid of the dangerous Heather Graham to hand her side the advantage against Hobart.Hobart's Heather Graham was well set at the crease and was threatening to score big in the match. But the veteran White Fern cleaned her up in the 14th over and celebrated that crucial wicket by bringing out the iconic 'SIUUU' celebration before being greeted by her teammates. The celebration is a trademark of legendary footballer Cristiano Ronaldo and has been replicated by numerous famous athletes over the years. SIIUUUUU! 🔥😆 #MADETOUGH #WBBL08 #wicketcharitychallenge pic.twitter.com/KtB4MfOQQgTalking about her glittering performance in the season opener against Sydney Thunder, Sophie Devine returned with economical figures of 1/16 in her four overs, but the best was yet to come from the 33-year-old as she guided her side to a routine victory with the bat in hand. Chasing a mediocre 89 runs for victory, Devine opened the batting along with aggressive Aussie Beth Mooney. The duo added 55 runs for the first wicket before Mooney was dismissed in the tenth over of the second innings.Mooney's wicket did not perturb Devine, who went on to compile an unbeaten 44 off 42 deliveries to see her side home without any further casualty. Her innings comprised four fours and one maximum, and she was adjudged the Player of the Match for her all-round efforts in Perth Scorchers' season opener. © 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.