Author View : 1.8K2 Min ReadUpdated - Nov 24, 2022, 18:08 ISTGet every cricket updates! Follow us onAfter India’s embarrassing elimination from the T20 World Cup in Australia, there are rumours of a massive overhaul in the Indian T20 set-up.Hardik Pandya, who found tremendous success as a captain in the Indian Premier League 2022, is currently the favourite to become India’s next captain in the shortest format of the game and as per South Africa's David Miller, Pandya can actually help India change their mindset to get the much-needed result.Miller, who will be in action in the ongoing Abu Dhabi T10 League lauded Hardik as a captain and mentioned his attributes.“I feel he is a natural leader, People follow him. He allows you to play the way that you feel like you can. He is very inclusive as a leader, he wants everyone to be close to each other. At the same time, he is clear with discipline. He has got a lot of good attributes of a leader. In IPL he got better and better as the season progressed and I see him doing that (with the Indian team as well),” the South African international said while talking to PTI.“He will make the players a lot better in the mindset. 100 per cent. He allows the guys to do what they want to do which is important,” Miller added.After defeating India in the T20 World Cup, South Africa were one of the favourites to qualify for the semi-finals of the competition. However, with back-to-back defeats at the hands of Pakistan and the Netherlands, the Temba Bavuma-led side were forced to bow out of the tournament from the Super 12 stage.Now, despite having a busy schedule, the South African middle-order batter Miller took some time out to speak about their humiliating defeat at the hands of the Netherlands in the marquee tournament.“I did (reflect on the loss). Sometimes it is difficult to process things like that. At end of the day, I still feel we were one of the stronger teams in the competition. There were many other upsets as well, it was not only us. It comes down to the last game and unfortunately for us, we needed to win and we couldn't. That is the beauty and humility of cricket. Obviously very disappointed with that result,” the 33-year-old said.© 2013 - 2022 CricTracker Pvt Ltd All rights reserved.